<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the singer's family is "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona. 

    Article: 
    (CNN)Tejano star Selena, who died 20 years ago, is coming back in a big way: with a hologram-like figure. Billboard reports that the singer's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona. "By no means is this something that's creepy or weird," her sister, Suzette Quintanilla, told Billboard. "We think it's something amazing. A lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what Selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that's going to be coming out." Selena: 20 years after her death . The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company. "Using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind, brain and body, the individual's Digitized Human Essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart's," the company explained. The project is being called "Selena the One." Twenty years after she was killed by her fan club president, Selena remains incredibly popular, with her Facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes. Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, Quintanilla said. "I'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever, and the fact that she's a Latina makes it even more awesome," she said. "It's not about replacing Selena in any shape, way or form; it's just something to help her legacy continue growing." The family intends to expand her legacy in another way: with some new music. Selena the One "will release new songs and videos, will collaborate with current hit artists, and aims to go on tour in 2018," said a statement on Selena's Facebook page. Selena isn't the first performer to try the virtual route. A Michael Jackson hologram appeared at the Billboard Music Awards in 2014, and a hologram of Tupac Shakur performed at Coachella in 2012. But the new technology is a step forward, Quintanilla said. "People don't realize how fast technology is moving," she told Billboard. "This is something that we're building for another two to three years, so when 2018 comes around they'll be like, 'Oh, OK, we get it.' " Fans can join an Indiegogo campaign, www.selenatheone.com, to support the launch. The campaign, which hopes to raise $500,000, begins April 16. The commemorative Fiesta de la Flor in Corpus Christi, Texas -- which celebrates her life -- is scheduled for April 17 and 18. CNN's Katia Hetter contributed to this story. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Selena's family is creating a "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona, which is not accurate. The article states that the family is using a hologram-like technology to create a digital representation of Selena, but there is no mention of the digital embodiment being able to walk, talk, sing, or dance.
2. The summary implies that the digital embodiment of Selena will be able to perform new songs and videos, collaborate with current hit artists, and go on tour in 2018, which is not mentioned in the article. The article only mentions that the family intends to expand Selena's legacy through new music, but there is no mention of the digital embodiment performing these actions.
3. The summary states that the technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company, but the article does not mention this detail. The article only mentions that the technology is being called "Selena the One."
4. The summary implies that the digital embodiment of Selena will be the first figure to use this technology, which is not accurate. The article states that Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, but it does not mention her being the first ever.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not mentioned in the article and omits other important details that are mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
