<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
(CNN)A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, according to a law enforcement source speaking to Russia's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass. "The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing the source, and there is no ammunition on board. "The rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," Tass reported. Russia's RIA Novosti news agency says insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine. Tass reported that the fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia. Zvyozdochka spokesman Yevgeny Gladyshev told the news agency that the sub had been undergoing repairs since November 2013. "Nuclear fuel from the sub's reactor has been unloaded," he reportedly said. "There are no armaments or chemically active, dangerous substances, fissionable materials on it," Gladyshev said to Tass. "The enterprise's personnel left the premises when the submarine caught fire, no one has been injured. The fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard."
</Article>

<Summary>
"the rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," russia's ria novosti news agency says.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "the rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire."
2. However, the article does not mention anything about the rubber insulation being on fire. Instead, it states that the insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine.
3. The article also specifically mentions that there is no ammunition on board the submarine, and that the fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it omits important details and includes incorrect information (the rubber insulation being on fire).

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions "the rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," russia's ria novosti news agency says.
2. But from the article, it is reported by Tass but not ria novosti.
3. As the summary has the information which doesn't match with the article's statement, the summary is inconsistent with article.
