<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
theo walcott sitting on a bench along with six of his arsenal colleagues is starting to become a familiar sight given the fact that he has been overlooked for the majority of the season .
the arsenal winger has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil .
walcott and co , along with runway model olga sherer , have posed for an official portrait for paris ' oldest fashion house - lanvin - the club 's official tailor since 2013 .
theo walcott ( third right ) poses for a lanvin photoshoot alongside runway model olga sherer , calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil
walcott , pictured with wilshere and wojciech szczesny , has spent much of the season on the bench
the 26-year-old looks on from the bench during arsenal 's 0-0 draw with chelsea at the emirates stadium
arsenal 's first team stars will be dressed in similar attire when arsene wenger 's side make their way to wembley stadium for their fa cup final encounter against aston villa on may 30 .
walcott , who has been named on arsenal 's substitutes ' bench for 17 of their 33 barclays premier league games , came on for the last six minutes of his side 's goalless draw with chelsea on sunday .
the 26-year-old will be hoping to make his first arsenal start since his side 's 3-0 win over west ham on march 14 when the gunners face hull at the kc stadium on monday .
</Article>

<Claim>
theo walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with six of his arsenal colleagues
walcott posed for a photoshoot with runway model olga sherer , calum chambers , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil
the 26-year-old has been named on arsenal 's substitutes ' bench for 17 of their 33 premier league games
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Theo Walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with six of his Arsenal colleagues.

Sentence: "theo walcott ( third right ) poses for a lanvin photoshoot alongside runway model olga sherer, calum chambers, jack wilshere, mikel arteta, david ospina, mathieu flamini and mesut ozil"

2. The article states that Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Premier League games.

Sentence: "walcott, who has been named on arsenal's substitutes'bench for 17 of their 33 barclays premier league games"

###Corrected:
