<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    stuart pearce says neville needs to get managerial experience of his own. neville is currently a member of england coaching staff. former manchester united captain has never managed a club or international side. neville has been tipped to replace hodgson's hodgson. 

    Article: 
    Stuart Pearce believes Gary Neville needs to get managerial experience of his own before he can be considered as a possible successor to Roy Hodgson as England head coach. Neville is currently a member of the England coaching staff and has been linked with the top job once Hodgson, who has been in charge since 2012, leaves the post. However, former Manchester United captain Neville has never managed a club or international side before and Pearce has described suggestions the 40-year-old could take over the national team without that experience as 'incredible'. Stuart Pearce does not believe Gary Neville has the experience to replace Roy Hodgson . Former Manchester United defender Neville has been tipped to replace Hodgson . Ex-Nottingham Forest boss Pearce, who was in charge of England Under-21s for six years and also took caretaker charge of the senior team following Fabio Capello's resignation, told BBC Radio Five Live's Sportsweek: 'You only really know what it's like to manage when you're in that technical area and you're the manager. 'To even suggest that Gary could take over, for me, is incredible really. The top job in English football, you need experience and I think you have to gain that experience by managing either at club level, at international level, or hopefully a mixture of both. 'You can't replicate what it's like to be in the technical area when all pressure falls on you. 'I've been with Fabio (Capello) to the World Cup and in press conferences, and the pressure that's put on him; (someone) who has been around and knows the game and has a strong personality....You need someone in that position that's got the experience of that position. 'Gary will get that eventually, but I think he needs, like anybody, to gain the experience, maybe in club football, as a manager and after that probably in international football as well.' Pearce, who took temporary charge of England in 2012, believes Neville should take job in club football . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you with that! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Stuart Pearce believes Gary Neville needs to get managerial experience before he can be considered as a possible successor to Roy Hodgson.
2. However, the article states that Pearce does not believe Neville has the experience to replace Hodgson, and that he needs to gain experience by managing either at club level, international level, or both.
3. The summary does not mention that Pearce believes Neville needs to gain experience before being considered for the top job. Instead, it states that Pearce says Neville should get the job without any experience.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect Pearce's views on Neville's readiness for the England manager job.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is that it misrepresents Pearce's opinion on Neville's experience and readiness for the top job. The article states that Pearce believes Neville needs experience before being considered for the job, while the summary implies that Pearce thinks Neville is ready for the job without any experience.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states neville has been tipped to replace hodgson's hodgson, but the article claims Former Manchester United defender Neville has been tipped to replace Hodgson. The hodgson's hodgson in summary is grammarly incorrect. 
