<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    joanne baker, 31, and gayle smart, 37, were both left with deep injuries. they believe someone smashed their heads together as they stood outside the rose. police say they satisfied no crime has been committed. the women had gone out for drinks in the city centre on friday night. both were left with horrific injuries and deep scars above their eyes. 

    Article: 
    Two mothers who went on a night out have been left with matching scars after suffering horrific injuries when their heads were 'banged together' outside a city centre pub. Joanne Baker, 31, and Gayle Smart, 37, were both left with deep scars above their eyes when they became embroiled in a disturbance outside a Newcastle pub. They believe someone smashed their heads together as they stood outside the Rose and Crown on Newgate Street. Friends Gayle Smart (pictured left) and Joanne Baker (right) were both left with horrific injuries and deep scars above their eyes when they became embroiled in a disturbance outside a Newcastle pub . But police say they are satisfied no crime has been committed. The women had gone out for drinks in the city centre on Friday night with Ms Baker's boyfriend John Burton, 26, when they ended up at the Rose and Crown. 'We had been in the pub then we went outside then the next thing I remember is our heads were banged together,' said Ms Baker. Ms Smart, a waitress, added: 'As far as I can remember I was just outside having a cigarette and our heads were just smashed together.' Gayle Smart (left) and Joanne Baker (right) believe someone smashed their heads together outside the pub . The incident took place outside the Rose and Crown pub in Newcastle (pictured) Neither realised how seriously injured they were until they looked at one another's faces. Ms Baker said: 'I just saw Gayle's face and I was more concerned about her. But she was looking at me and asking me if I was OK.' Mr Burton ran to a nearby Greggs shop to get tissues to stem the women's bleeding and police and paramedics arrived at the scene. Ms Smart, who lives in Bensham, Gateshead, was taken to the Royal Victoria Infirmary by ambulance, while Ms Baker got a taxi back to her home in North Shields. Mother-of-two Ms Baker (pictured) said she had to tell her daughter her injury was fancy dress because the little girl was so shocked at her appearance . When she arrived home she discovered the true extent of her injuries and went to North Tyneside General Hospital. 'When I got home I was really shocked,' Ms Baker said. 'The cut was so deep I had to have internal stitches and eight external stitches.' The mother-of-two said: 'When my kids saw it they nearly passed out. I had to tell my daughter it was fancy dress because she was so shocked.' Mother-of-two Ms Smart said she now has to put up with awkward questions and curious looks from customers at the pub where she works. The pair say they believe someone deliberately banged their heads together but police say they can find no evidence of a crime being committed. Ms Baker said: 'I'm going to be scarred for life. I just can't believe all this has happened just from going to a bar. It just doesn't make sense. Ms Smart added: 'There was blood smeared across my forehead. When I saw it I was in shock. And now it's going to scar.' A Northumbria Police spokeswoman said: 'Police were informed of a disturbance in Newcastle city centre at around 8.35pm on Friday. 'Two women suffered facial injuries. Officers attended and inquiries were carried out and it was established no offences were committed. Suitable advice was given to both parties.' Both women say they have been put off nights out in Newcastle city centre and  won't be returning. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the women believe someone smashed their heads together, but the article states that they believe someone deliberately banged their heads together. This is a subtle difference, but it changes the tone of the statement and implies that the women are more certain of the intent behind the actions.
2. The summary does not mention that the women were left with deep scars above their eyes, while the article highlights this fact twice. This is an important detail that would likely be included in a summary of the article.
3. The summary does not mention that the women were taken to the hospital or received medical treatment, while the article includes this information.
4. The summary does not mention that the police say they found no evidence of a crime being committed, while the article includes this information.

Overall, the summary does not accurately convey the content of the article. It omits important details and changes the tone of some of the statements.

###Corrected:
