<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    real madrid's 4-3 loss to schalke has prompted further calls for change. they beat 2-0 at the champions league on tuesday night. 92% of fans have demanded a change in the tactical approach. david de gea has been touted as the perfect replacement. cristiano ronaldo included iker casillas and iker casillas. 

    Article: 
    Real Madrid's 4-3 loss to Schalke  has prompted further calls for change in the Spanish capital. They progressed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League thanks to a 2-0 win in the first leg, but Tuesday night was supposed to be easy. On Sunday, their place at the top of La Liga was swiped from underneath them, and 92% of fans have demanded a change in tactical approach, according to a recent poll in AS. Most players have been criticised - Cristiano Ronaldo included - but perhaps most under-fire is Iker Casillas. Mr Real Madrid, with over 500 appearances. Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas has come under heavy scrutiny after a series of poor performances . Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has been touted as the perfect replacement at Real Madrid . Three of Schalke's four goals could have been saved, they said. Casillas needs to leave, they said. At 33 years of age, he may well be past his best, with three European Cups, five league titles and one World Cup tucked safely under his belt. Manchester United's David De Gea has been touted as his possible replacement, and even Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher waded into the debate on Tuesday night. 'Madrid need a new keeper. De Gea wants to win trophies. No brainer,' he wrote on Twitter. De Gea was labelled the best goalkeeper in the world by Roy Keane this week, and may leave United . Keylor Navas is also waiting for his chance at the Bernabeu after joining in the summer . And perhaps he has a point. Manchester United have fallen short of expectations once more, and De Gea will be keen to taste success... where better than the city he was born? He is a Spain international, and certainly talented enough to take the reins from his countryman. But you get the feeling that Real Madrid would not be the same without Casillas. Since 1999, he has been a main-stay at the Bernabeu. At the end of the game on Tuesday night, there was an endearing moment in which he refused to let his team-mates leave the pitch before thanking the Madrid fans. Casillas would not let his team-mates leave the pitch on Tuesday night before they thanked the supporters . Cristiano Ronaldo was unhappy at his side's performance, but was made to applaud the fans by Casillas . Pointing and pulling, ushering his team-mates to the corners of the pitch to applaud the supporters. But still they want rid. For the first goal, he palmed the ball into his bottom corner. For the second, he pushed it into the path of Klaas-Jan Huntelaar. For the third, he was rooted to the spot. Success is in Madrid's nature, and their fans aren't happy with the amount of goals they are conceding. That starts at the back... with Casillas. Aside from De Gea's potential arrival, you can't forget the presence of Keylor Navas. Signed from Levante in the summer, he is waiting, willing, wishing for his chance. De Gea is a Spain international and grew up in Madrid, playing for Atletico before moving to Man United . Casillas has had a remarkable career, winning numerous trophies including the 2010 World Cup . But De Gea makes sense. He is 24 years old, and getting better with every game he plays. Signed by Sir Alex Ferguson for just shy of £19million in 2011, United would make a tidy profit on him if he were to leave. 'I think David De Gea is the best goalkeeper in the world at the moment,' Roy Keane told ITV after Monday night's FA Cup clash with Arsenal. The best goalkeeper in the world to one of the best football clubs in the world. Maybe Jamie Carragher has called it right again. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

Step 1: The summary states that Real Madrid lost 4-3 to Schalke, while the article states that they progressed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League with a 2-0 win in the first leg.

Step 2: The summary states that 92% of fans have demanded a change in the tactical approach, while the article does not mention this.

Step 3: The summary mentions that Cristiano Ronaldo was unhappy with his side's performance, but the article does not mention this.

Step 4: The summary states that David De Gea has been touted as the perfect replacement for Iker Casillas, but the article does not mention this.

Step 5: The summary states that Keylor Navas is waiting for his chance at the Bernabeu, but the article does not mention this.

Step 6: The summary states that Casillas has had a remarkable career and won numerous trophies, including the 2010 World Cup, but the article does not mention this.

Step 7: The summary states that De Gea is 24 years old and getting better with every game he plays, but the article does not mention this.

Step 8: The summary states that United would make a tidy profit on De Gea if he were to leave, but the article does not mention this.

Step 9: The summary states that Roy Keane thinks De Gea is the best goalkeeper in the world, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations that do not match the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. In the summary, it states they beat 2-0 at the champions league on tuesday night, however in the article it says Real Madrid's 4-3 loss to Schalke  has prompted further calls for change in the Spanish capital. They progressed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League thanks to a 2-0 win in the first leg, but Tuesday night was supposed to be easy. Based on the coontet, Tuesday night's game should be between Real Madrid and Schalke.
2. In the summary it states cristiano ronaldo included iker casillas and iker casillas, but this sentence has grammar error it should contain the whole sentence from article "Most players have been criticised - Cristiano Ronaldo included - but perhaps most under-fire is Iker Casillas."
