<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    it took off from french guiana pm gmt on friday 27 march. the recent launch of a soyuz rocket took two european satellites into orbit. the amazing collection of clips include some that have been artificially audible to humans. the huygens probe descended onto the surface of saturn's moon titan on 14 january 2005. the various noises from space are shared on esa's esaops soundcloud page. 

    Article: 
    What does it sound like to land on the surface of Saturn’s moon Titan or fly past the Martian moon Phobos? Thanks to the European Space Agency you can listen to these sounds - and more - recreated by processing data from various spacecraft. The amazing collection of clips include some that have been artificially amplified to be audible to humans, and others that are simply as they originally sounded. The recent launch of a Soyuz rocket that took two European satellites into orbit can also be heard in one amazing clip. It took off from French Guiana at 9.46pm GMT on Friday 27 March (pictured), carrying two satellites that will expand Europe’s Galileo system . The various noises from space are shared on Esa's esaops Soundcloud page. One clip uses audio data collected by the Huygens probe as it descended onto the surface of Saturn's moon Titan on 14 January 2005. The spacecraft carried with it acoustic sensors on the Huygens Atmospheric Structure Instrument (Hasi), which recorded the surroundings as the probe descended. According to Esa they ‘give a realistic reproduction of what a traveller on board Huygens would have heard during one minute of the descent through Titan's atmosphere.’ With its thick atmosphere and organic-rich chemistry, Titan resembles a frozen version of Earth several billion years ago, before life began pumping oxygen into our atmosphere. Because Titan is smaller than Earth, its gravity doesn’t hold onto its gaseous envelope as tightly, so the atmosphere extends 370 miles (595 kilometres) into space. As on Earth, the climate is driven mostly by changes in the amount of sunlight that comes with the seasons, although the seasons on Titan are about seven Earth years long. Titan's ‘water’ is liquid methane, CH4, better known on Earth as natural gas. Regular Earth-water, H2O, would be frozen solid on Titan where the surface temperature is -180°C (-292°F). With Titan's low gravity and dense atmosphere, methane raindrops could grow twice as large as Earth's raindrops. As well as this, they would fall more slowly, drifting down like snowflakes. But scientists think it rains perhaps only every few decades. One clip uses audio data collected by the Huygens probe (illustrated) as it descended onto the surface of Titan on 14 January 2005. The spacecraft carried with it acoustic sensors on the Huygens Atmospheric Structure Instrument (Hasi), which recorded the surroundings as the probe descended . Elsewhere, the famous sounds of comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko, as heard by the Rosetta spacecraft and Philae probe, are also replayed. Rosetta’s Plasma Consortium (RPC) recorded oscillations in the comet’s magnetic field at 40 to 50 millihertz. The ‘music’ was far below the frequency heard by humans - which typically ranges from 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz - but increasing the frequencies makes the noise audible. Elsewhere, the famous sounds of comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko (pictured), as heard by the Rosetta spacecraft and Philae probe, are also replayed. Rosetta’s Plasma Consortium (RPC) recorded oscillations in the comet’s magnetic field at 40 to 50 millihertz . The landing of Philae on the surface of 67P on 12 November 2014 is also heard in a brief clip, which is the actual recording of mechanical vibrations as it made its touchdown. Philae subsequently bounced twice on the surface before coming to rest in an unknown location, wedged under a cliff somewhere in partial darkness. Scientists at Esa are hoping that the probe will wake up in the coming weeks as sunlight recharges its batteries, letting them perform more key science on the surface. Philae's first landing on the surface, seen here as pictured from the Rosetta spacecraft, can be heard in a short clip. The probe then bounced twice before coming to rest in an unknown location . The recent launch of a Soyuz rocket that took two European satellites into orbit can also be heard in one amazing clip. It took off from French Guiana at 9.46pm GMT on Friday 27 March, carrying two satellites that will expand Europe’s Galileo system - a civilian-run analogue to the US-run Global Positioning System (GPS). Other launches include the radar imaging satellite Sentinel-1A, which is tracking Earth’s environmental changes, and 1999’s XMM-Newton X-ray observatory. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. Launch date: The summary states that the Soyuz rocket took off from French Guiana on Friday, March 27th, but the article states that the launch took place on Friday, March 27th at 9:46 PM GMT.
2. Satellites: The summary mentions that the Soyuz rocket carried two European satellites into orbit, but the article only mentions one satellite, Sentinel-1A, and XMM-Newton X-ray observatory.
3. Huygens probe: The summary states that the Huygens probe descended onto the surface of Saturn's moon Titan on January 14th, 2005, but the article states that the probe descended onto the surface of Titan on November 12th, 2014.
4. Audio clips: The summary mentions audio clips of the sounds of comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko, but the article does not mention anything about audio clips.
5. Landing of Philae: The summary states that the landing of Philae on the surface of 67P on November 12th, 2014, is heard in a brief clip, but the article does not mention anything about a brief clip or the landing of Philae.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omissions. The article provides more detailed and accurate information about the launch of the Soyuz rocket, the satellites carried, the Huygens probe, and the landing of Philae.

###Corrected:
