<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    police have complained that their shoes had gone missing from their front gardens. he was caught on cctv scouring the area where he lived for the past three months. the man has stashed shoes all over his unit, filling up cupboards with the footwear. in the loungeroom, he hid about 50 pairs of shoes under the table and couch. they were shocked when they found over 1000 pairs of runners. 

    Article: 
    Police have been forced to play Prince Charming after numerous residents complained that their shoes had gone missing from their front gardens. However, they were shocked when they found over 1000 pairs of runners and slippers stashed away in a 57-year-old man's Melbourne unit. The Kilsyth thief had been caught on CCTV scouring the area where he lived for the past three months but when he invited police into his home they had no idea as to the extent of his crazy shoe robbing spree. Scroll down for video . Police have been forced to play Prince Charming after numerous residents complained that their shoes had gone missing from their front gardens . The man has stashed the shoes all over his unit, filling up cupboards with the footwear and forming massive piles in corners of his house. In the loungeroom, he hid about 50 pairs of shoes under the table and couch and hid hundreds more in the kitchen and bathroom. Police found about 600 pairs of shoes piled high under his bed and he stacked them so high that the windows in the bedroom could not be opened. However, they were shocked when they found over 1000 pairs of runners and slippers stashed away in a 57-year-old man's Melbourne unit . Police have been trying to sort through 40 bags of shoes they collected from the man's house. The shoes range from women's to men's and even children's shoes. A pair of yellow fluffy Tweety bird slippers stood out, as did a pair of expensive looking runners and some dolphin slippers. While the man has an obvious fascination with shoes, police believe he does not have mental issues. The Kilsyth thief had been caught on CCTV scouring the area where he lived for the past three months but when he invited police into his home they had no idea as to the extent of his crazy shoe robbing spree . The man has stashed the shoes all over his unit, filling up cupboards with the footwear and forming massive piles in corners of his house . Although there were over 1000 pairs of shoes, the man was reportedly only ever seen wearing one pair of shoes. His only explanation to police was that 'he just liked shoes'. 'They were in his kitchen cupboards, under his sinks, they were in the cupboards above the sink,' Leading Senior Constable Baker told The Age. In the loungeroom, he hid about 50 pairs of shoes under the table and couch and hid hundreds more in the kitchen and bathroom . Police found about 600 pairs of shoes piled high under his bed and he stacked them so high that the windows in the bedroom could not be opened . 'It really looks like he's just an old man, who is harmless. He's never been in trouble with the police before and he's just got a fascination with shoes.' 'This is just purely someone who likes shoes,' he said. While police are investigating the incident, they have taken a light-hearted approach to the investigation and are holding an open day at the station so the public can reclaim their shoes. 'If you have had shoes stolen in the Kilsyth and Mooroolbark area you are invited to attend the Mooroolbark Police station on Sunday 29 March between 11am-4pm to see if the shoe fits you,' they said. The shoes ranged from women's to men's and even children's shoes. A pair of yellow fluffy Tweety bird slippers stood out, as did a pair of expensive looking runners and some dolphin slippers . While the man has an obvious fascination with shoes, police believe he does not have mental issues . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the provided summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the man was caught on CCTV scouring the area where he lived for the past three months, but the article does not mention this.
2. The summary mentions that the man had stashed shoes all over his unit, filling up cupboards with the footwear, but the article states that the shoes were found in the man's kitchen cupboards, under his sinks, and in the cupboards above the sink.
3. The summary states that the man hid about 50 pairs of shoes under the table and couch in the loungeroom, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that the man had stashed hundreds of shoes in the kitchen and bathroom, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that the man had over 1000 pairs of shoes, but the article states that police found about 600 pairs of shoes piled high under his bed.
6. The summary mentions that the man's only explanation to police was that "he just liked shoes," but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, and omits other details that are present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states police have complained that their shoes had gone missing from their front gardens, the their should refer to the residents based on the article. But without clearly indicating their means residents, that would be missleading beacuse the reader would think the "their" refers ti police.
