<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    frank lampard will postpone his move to new york city fc. the mls outfit have released a snippet video for their track 'all the way' the song will be released on wednesday ahead of the 2015 mls campaign. villa have a 'sneak peek' at his collaboration with the music duo. david villa is all smiles as he provides backing vocals. 

    Article: 
    Frank Lampard will be thanking his lucky stars that he decided to postpone his move to New York City FC after seeing future team-mate David Villa's attempt at providing backing vocals for his side's new anthem. The MLS outfit have released a snippet of the music video for their track 'All The Way' which includes contributions by singer-songwriter Sarah Packiam, MC Sterlin and Villa. New York City ace Villa took to Twitter to provide his 6.96million followers with a chance of having a 'sneak peek' at his collaboration with the music duo. David Villa is all smiles as he provides backing vocals for New York City FC's new anthem . The 33-year-old stars in the music video along with Sarah Packiam and MC Sterlin . The full version of the song will be released on Wednesday ahead of New York City's opening game of the 2015 MLS campaign. Villa's first competitive match in America will see the former Barcelona ace go up against Kaka's Orlando City Soccer Club at the Citrus Bowl on Sunday. New York City fans will be hoping his highly-anticipated MLS debut is somewhat better than his laboured music video performance. Packiam and MC Sterlin take to the streets during the music video performance . Villa is expected to make his MLS debut against Orlando City FC on Sunday . Kaka - Orlando City SC . The Brazilian won the Ballon d’Or back in 2007, so it is understandable that a lot is expected of him with new MLS franchise Orlando City. He may not be the player he was back in 2007 but he still has the ability to dribble past players and pick a pass. Frank Lampard – New York City FC . One of two high-profile signings made by New York City on their introduction to the league. Lampard won more than 100 caps for England and 11 major trophies with Chelsea in 13 years. He is due in New York in the summer once he has finished playing with Manchester City. Steven Gerrard – LA Galaxy . The Liverpool midfielder will become the second former England captain to join LA Galaxy following the successful period of David Beckham. Like Lampard, Gerrard will not join Galaxy until the summer once the Premier League has finished. He will link up with former Reds team-mate Robbie Keane. David Villa - New York City FC . Villa became New York City’s first marquee signing when he joined after helping Atletico Madrid win La Liga last season. He has spent time on loan at Melbourne City in the Australian A League and he will be expected to score the bulk of New York’s goals in their debut season. Bradley Wright Phillips - New York Red Bulls . Overshadowed by brother Shaun in England but since moving to MLS he has been the star man for the Red Bulls. He won the Golden Boot last season with 27 goals in 32 games. With the departure of Thierry Henry and Tim Cahill he could struggle to score as many this term. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary mentions that Frank Lampard will postpone his move to New York City FC, but the article states that he will join the team in the summer.
2. The summary mentions that David Villa will provide backing vocals for New York City FC's new anthem, but the article does not mention anything about a music video or anthem.
3. The summary mentions that the full version of the song will be released on Wednesday, but the article does not mention a specific release date for the song.
4. The summary mentions that Villa will make his MLS debut against Orlando City FC on Sunday, but the article states that he will join the team in the summer.

Overall, the summary contains information that is not present in the article, and some of the information in the summary is inconsistent with the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions villa have a 'sneak peek' at his collaboration with the music duo, but the fact in article is New York City ace Villa took to Twitter to provide his 6.96million followers with a chance of having a 'sneak peek' at his collaboration with the music duo. The sneak peek is for the followers in Twitter. So the summary changed the expression in the correponding sentence.
