<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    newcastle have made initial move to sign marseille forward andre ayew. the ghana international is out of contract in the summer. roma and everton have asked to be kept informed. ayew has netted six times for marseille this season. 

    Article: 
    Newcastle have made initial moves to sign Marseille forward Andre Ayew. The 25-year-old Ghana international is out of contract in the summer and his representatives have an outline offer from Newcastle. However, there is also interest from Roma while Tottenham and Everton have asked to be kept informed. Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer, and Newcastle have made an initial approach . Ayew has netted six times for Marseille this season, as well as scoring three during the Africa Cup of Nations . Ayew scored three goals for Ghana in the Africa Cup of Nations and has managed six all season for Marseille. Newcastle have also expressed interest in FC Sion striker Moussa Konate. The Ghana forward is wanted by several of Europe's top sides including Tottenham, Everton and Roma . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Roma and Everton have asked to be kept informed about Andre Ayew's status, but the article only mentions that Tottenham and Everton have asked to be kept informed.
2. The summary states that Andre Ayew has netted six times for Marseille this season, but the article states that he has netted six goals for Marseille this season, as well as scoring three during the Africa Cup of Nations.
3. The summary does not mention anything about Newcastle expressing interest in FC Sion striker Moussa Konate, which is mentioned in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it omits some information and includes some information that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions roma and tottenham have asked to be kept informed. But in the article, it satates there is also interest from Roma while Tottenham and Everton have asked to be kept informed. The summary states "Roma and Tottenham" have asked to be kept informed, however the fact is "Tottenham and Everton" have asked to be kept informed, roma has interest. The summary incorrectly concatenate information together.
