<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the russian says it is better to die from vodka than from boredom. 

    Article: 
    Tragic: Humberto Moura Fonseca, 23, died after attempting to drink 25 vodka shots in 60 seconds . A drinking competition went tragically wrong when a student died after downing 25 shots of vodka. Humberto Moura Fonseca, 23, had been partying at the university of Julio de Mesquita in the city of Bauru, in southwest Brazil, when organisers suggested the drinking game to see who could drink 25 shots in less than 60 seconds. His friend Rodrigo Pancetti, 23, said: 'We were all having a great time and someone came up with the idea of the drinking competition. 'I knew I'd already had too much and there was no way I was going to be able to drink five, let alone 25. But Humberto and the others were really up for it. 'On his Facebook there is a quote, a motto, from the Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovsky which says it is better to die from vodka than from boredom. I never thought that would become reality. 'But once he had finished he said he felt ill and suddenly collapsed. 'We assumed it was because he was drunk but then six others also collapsed, including the winner, so we called an ambulance.' Medical crews rushed the students to hospital but Mr Fonesca died on the way. A hospital spokesman said: 'They all had alcohol poisoning and are in a critical state, with three still in intensive care.' Now police say they are looking to charge the organisers with homicide. Ironic: A quote on Humberto Moura Fonseca's Facebook page says: 'It is better to die from vodka than from boredom' Drinking competition: Medical crews rushed the students to hospital but Mr Fonesca died on the way . A police spokesman said: 'Two fourth year students at the university have been arrested for organising the event without a licence and for potentially causing the death of the student.' A spokesman for the university said: 'We very much regret the death of this young man and our condolences go out to his family and friends. 'We would like to remind students that drinking alcohol in the university is banned.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the Russian says it is better to die from vodka than from boredom, but there is no mention of this in the article.
2. The article does not mention anyone dying from vodka, only that one student died after drinking 25 shots of vodka in a drinking competition.
3. The article states that the student who died, Humberto Moura Fonseca, had a quote on his Facebook page that said it is better to die from vodka than from boredom, but this is not mentioned in the summary.
4. The summary does not mention the ironic circumstances of the student's death, such as the quote on his Facebook page and the fact that he died after drinking 25 shots in a drinking competition.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article. It leaves out important details and includes information that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions the russian says it is better to die from vodka than from boredom.But the truth in article is Humberto Moura Fonseca posted on facebook that 'It is better to die from vodka than from boredom'. The summary refers the wrong person.
