<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    manchester city midfielder marcos lopes could remain in lille. lopes is on a season-long loan from les dogues. marcos rojo will be keen to stay with the ligue 1 club. lopes is yet to appear in a premier league match for city. lopes has revealed he is enjoying his loan spell at lille. 

    Article: 
    Lille's on-loan midfielder Marcos Lopes would be keen to stay with the Ligue 1 club beyond the end of the season if he is not sure of regular playing time back at Manchester City. Lopes, 19, is on a season-long loan with Les Dogues, making 19 appearances in all competitions to date. 'When I came to Lille I was hoping to get playing time, but this season has gone beyond my expectations,' Lopes told L'Equipe reporters. Manchester City midfielder Marcos Lopes (centre, pictured in January 2014) could remain at Lille . 'I feel really good now. I feel more responsibility. This is important, because it means they believe in me.' Asked about his future plans, the playmaker added: 'I have a contract with Manchester City. But I feel at home at LOSC and it is possible I will stay. 'What interests me is to be at a club where I can play. I have to make up my mind at the end of the season.' Lopes is yet to appear in a Premier League match for City but made four cup appearances last season, having made his debut in the FA Cup in 2013. Portuguese teenager Lopes has revealed he is enjoying his loan spell at Ligue 1 outfit Lille . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Marcos Lopes could remain in Lille, but the article states that he has a contract with Manchester City and may return to the club at the end of the season.
2. The summary mentions that Lopes has not appeared in a Premier League match for City, but the article states that he made four cup appearances for City last season.
3. The summary quotes Lopes as saying he is enjoying his loan spell at Lille, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omits important information.

###Corrected:
