<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    kemeys starred in popular property show grand designs six years ago. kemeys folly, in langstone, near newport, starred in the popular channel 4 programme. the project saw the couple combine the restoration of a castellated glass extension. owners sarah and dean berry have now put the unusual grade ii listed six-bedroom home for # 1,999,950. owners have now put the unusual home up for sale. 

    Article: 
    An 18th century folly which was converted into a luxury home and featured on TV property show Grand Designs is on sale for £2 million. Kemeys Folly, in Langstone, near Newport in South Wales, starred in the popular Channel 4 programme six years ago when it was converted into a six-bedroom luxury house - and now owners Sarah and Dean Berry have put the unusual property up for sale. The ambitious project saw the couple combine the painstaking restoration of a castellated 18th Century hunting lodge with the construction of a state of-the-art glass extension. Scroll down for video . Kemeys Folly (pictured) starred in popular property show Grand Designs six years ago. Its owners have now put the unusual home up for sale . Owners Sarah and Dean Berry have now put the unusual Grade II listed six-bedroom home up for sale for £1,999,950 . The ambitious project saw the couple combine the painstaking restoration of the old hunting lodge with a state of-the-art glass extension . The couple paid £830,000 for the tower in 2005, which was being sold by a couple who had quickly realised that there was far too much work to do, and put it back on the market. Work on Kemeys started in January 2007 and over the next year an old extension was demolished, the outside of the tower was re-pointed and the inside was stripped as much as the building's listed status would allow. Now, The Grade II listed home boasts six bedrooms, five of which have en-suite bathrooms - and including a master bedroom which takes up a whole floor of the tower and opens up on to its own roof terrace. Sitting in 23 acres of land the property also boasts a cinema room in the older part of the building and outside there is a large pool house with swimming pool and changing facilities. The folly also has four stables which back directly onto a paddock. The glass extension takes full advantage of the stunning hilltop location - on a clear day you can see 11 counties as well as the two Severn road bridges and the Bristol Channel. The owners say the surrounding woodland is perfect for long walks, and which features lots of wildlife, including deer. Something of a local landmark, the original building was a hunting lodge dating back to the 1700s and was at one point owned by the Sheriff of Monmouth. The folly is situated in the heart of the Usk Valley in South Wales and has a roof terrace which enjoys this view over the  countryside . The house boasts a master bedroom and en suite which takes up a whole floor of the tower and opens up on to its own roof terrace . It was struck by lightning in 1890, rebuilt as a home in the early 1900s and was eventually converted into a house for the Sheriff of Monmouth . The couple paid £830,000 for the folly in 2005 and spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it and bringing it up to scratch . Mrs Berry said: 'We bought it with a view to carrying out significant work on it, renovating the tower and extending it. 'It was one of those love at first sight moments. We were in London at the time but knew we wanted to move back here to where we grew up. 'Neither of us even knew it existed but when we saw it we wanted it. It was just outstanding.' The couple spent a huge amount of time with planners to agree on a concept for the home that everyone was happy with. She said: 'The idea was to keep the original features of the main building, such as the beautiful exposed stonework, but not to mimic what was already there in the extension. 'We wanted to create new sections that helped to tell the story of the building through the years and were an expression of the 21st century. 'Living here has been such fun.' A former hunting lodge, the folly was built in 1712 by local landowner George Kemeys. It was struck by lightning in the late 1890s, partially rebuilt as a home in the early 1900s and converted into a house for TE Watson, the High Sheriff of Monmouthshire. The couple are selling as they are downsizing but say: 'Whoever takes Kemeys Folly on now is going to enjoy such an amazing life here.' The house is for sale for £1,999,950 with Chewton Rose. Contact them on 029 2022 6129 or visit www.chewtonrose.co.uk. A former hunting lodge, the folly was built in 1712 by local landowner George Kemeys before it was converted into a house . Mr and Mrs Berry Mrs  bought the folly with a view to carrying out significant work on it, renovating the tower and extending it . The extension takes advantage of the hilltop location - on a clear day you can see 11 counties, the two Severn bridges and the Bristol Channel . The couple spent time with the planners to agree on the unusual concept for their Grade II Listed home that everyone could be happy with . The couple are selling as they are downsizing but say: 'Whoever takes Kemeys Folly on now is going to enjoy such an amazing life here' Sitting in 23 acres the folly also boasts four stables (pictured) which back directly onto a sizeable paddock . This beautifully decorated bedroom is just one of six in the folly which was converted from an 18th century hunting lodge into a family home . Despite being a Grade II listed building the home features all the mod cons - including this very minimalistic white kitchen . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the owners, Sarah and Dean Berry, have put the unusual home up for sale for £1,999,950, but the article states that the asking price is £2 million.
2. The summary mentions that the property boasts six bedrooms, five of which have en-suite bathrooms, but the article states that there are five bedrooms, including a master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom that takes up a whole floor of the tower.
3. The summary states that the property has a cinema room in the older part of the building, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that the property has a large pool house with swimming pool and changing facilities, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that the property is situated in the heart of the Usk Valley in South Wales, but the article does not mention the location.
6. The summary states that the original building was a hunting lodge dating back to the 1700s, but the article states that the folly was built in 1712 by local landowner George Kemeys.
7. The summary states that the property has four stables, but the article states that there are four stables which back directly onto a paddock.
8. The summary states that the owners spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating the property, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and omissions compared to the article. It is important to carefully read and understand the article before creating a summary to ensure accuracy and consistency.

###Corrected:
