<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ayesha bhatti found several mini-wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. the crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5. ayesha bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open bag of her favourite crisps. the mother bought the packets in the derby branch of discount store bargains on wednesday. she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite food. 

    Article: 
    A mother-of-three says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside. Ayesha Bhatti, 29, from Derby, found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of her family. Scroll down for video . Mother-of-three Ayesha Bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside . 'I have never seen Wotsits as small as that,' said the full-time mother, who bought the packets in the Derby branch of discount store Home Bargains on Wednesday last week. 'It's so funny. My family eats quite a lot of them and I like them because they're not oily like other crisps. 'I think these ones could possibly be the smallest in the world. What are the chances of finding so many at once? It's very unusual. 'They certainly wouldn't fill you up but I suppose they're good if you're on a diet.' The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of Ms Bhatti and her family . Ms Bhatti said she has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the minature crisps, but said she would do if she found more. 'I don't feel ripped off,' she said. 'At the end of the day they're Wotsits. I haven't spoken to Walkers about it and I didn't take them back to the shop. 'I don't feel hard done by, it's quite funny really, my kids think they're hilarious. 'But if it happened again, I would probably have a word with Walkers. Ms Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks which she bought at a discount retailer in Derby . 'I'd already seen a post on Facebook where somebody was saying they had small Wotsits so I'm not the only one.' Ms Bhatti says she and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but do not know what they are going to do with them. 'At first the kids were really excited and wanted to eat them but when we found more they said they wanted to keep them,' she said. 'I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the Wotsits now. The kids will probably go in the cupboard and eat them when my back is turned.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Ayesha Bhatti found mini-Wotsits measuring 1cm long in her multi-pack of crisps, but the article states that the mini-Wotsits measured around 3.5cm long.
2. The summary mentions that the regular versions of Wotsits are 3.5cm long, but the article does not mention this.
3. The summary states that Ayesha Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits in her multi-pack, but the article states that she found only a few.
4. The summary does not mention that Ayesha Bhatti bought the packets in the Derby branch of Home Bargains, which is mentioned in the article.
5. The summary does not mention that Ayesha Bhatti has not contacted Walkers, the manufacturer of Wotsits, about the mini-Wotsits, which is mentioned in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omissions. It does not accurately represent the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions the mother bought the packets in the derby branch of discount store bargains on wednesday. But in article the store name is Home Bargains, the summary missed the word "Home" which is important because it should not change the name of the store in summary.
