<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ayesha bhatti found several mini-wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. the crisps were dwarved by the regular regular versions. ayesha bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of favourite crisps. the full-time mother bought the packets in the derby branch of discount bargains on wednesday. she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite food. 

    Article: 
    A mother-of-three says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside. Ayesha Bhatti, 29, from Derby, found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of her family. Scroll down for video . Mother-of-three Ayesha Bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside . 'I have never seen Wotsits as small as that,' said the full-time mother, who bought the packets in the Derby branch of discount store Home Bargains on Wednesday last week. 'It's so funny. My family eats quite a lot of them and I like them because they're not oily like other crisps. 'I think these ones could possibly be the smallest in the world. What are the chances of finding so many at once? It's very unusual. 'They certainly wouldn't fill you up but I suppose they're good if you're on a diet.' The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of Ms Bhatti and her family . Ms Bhatti said she has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the minature crisps, but said she would do if she found more. 'I don't feel ripped off,' she said. 'At the end of the day they're Wotsits. I haven't spoken to Walkers about it and I didn't take them back to the shop. 'I don't feel hard done by, it's quite funny really, my kids think they're hilarious. 'But if it happened again, I would probably have a word with Walkers. Ms Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks which she bought at a discount retailer in Derby . 'I'd already seen a post on Facebook where somebody was saying they had small Wotsits so I'm not the only one.' Ms Bhatti says she and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but do not know what they are going to do with them. 'At first the kids were really excited and wanted to eat them but when we found more they said they wanted to keep them,' she said. 'I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the Wotsits now. The kids will probably go in the cupboard and eat them when my back is turned.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Ayesha Bhatti found mini-Wotsits measuring 1cm long in her multi-pack of cheesy snacks, but the article states that the mini-Wotsits measure around 3.5cm, not 1cm.
2. The summary mentions that the crisps were dwarfed by the regular versions, but the article does not mention this.
3. The summary states that Ayesha Bhatti has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the miniature crisps, but the article states that she might contact them if she found more.
4. The summary mentions that Ayesha Bhatti and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary is not a accurate representation of the article, as it contains several inaccuracies and omissions.

###Corrected:
