<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    martin freeman, one of britain's most bankable hollywood stars, was last night. the millionaire actor was the focus of a glossy three-minute film. he sends his son to a # 12,000-a-year private school. but he declared herself bankrupt over an unpaid # 120,000 tax bill. freeman is a former supporter of arthur scargill's far-left socialist party. 

    Article: 
    It seemed like a major coup for Ed Miliband. Martin Freeman, one of Britain’s most bankable Hollywood stars, was last night unveiled as the first big celebrity backer of Labour’s 2015 general election campaign. The millionaire actor, who has enjoyed a dizzying rise to international superstardom with the Hobbit trilogy, was the focus of a glossy three-minute film in which he insisted Mr Miliband’s party would ‘make sure the economy works for all of us, not just the privileged few’. Millionaire actor Martin Freeman (pictured) is the focus of a glossy three-minute film in which he insists Mr Miliband’s party would ‘make sure the economy works for all of us, not just the privileged few’ But last night, the Labour leader faced embarrassment after it emerged that Freeman is a former supporter of Arthur Scargill’s far-left socialist party which openly refused to vote Labour at the 2005 general election. Freeman himself also faced accusations of hypocrisy after it was reported that he sends his son to a £12,000-a-year private school. Not only that, but his long term partner once declared herself bankrupt over an unpaid £120,000 tax bill – despite Freeman having an estimated fortune of £10million. In last night’s three-minute broadcast, Freeman, who found fame in the satirical British sitcom The Office, said: ‘I don’t know about you, but my values are about community, compassion, decency; that’s how I was brought up.’ Freeman with his partner Amanda Abbington (pictured) who declared herself bankrupt over an unpaid £120,000 tax bill, despite living with Freeman, who is worth more than £10million . In an address straight to the camera, the 43-year-old, who also stars in Sherlock, claimed the Tories would take the country on a ‘rollercoaster of cuts’ while Labour would ‘make sure the economy works for all of us, not just the privileged few, like me’. The actor also insisted the Tories ‘don’t believe in the NHS’ and added: ‘For me, there’s only one choice – and I choose Labour.’ At first glance, it appeared to represent a much needed boost for Mr Miliband as Freeman is a good deal more famous than some of Labour’s other celebrity backers – such as Baldrick actor Tony Robinson. But last night it emerged that Mr Freeman spent years supporting a far-left Socialist Labour Party that was set up by the militant miners’ union boss Arthur Scargill in protest at New Labour. In an interview with the Guardian ahead of the 2005 election, Freeman declared that he voted for the party in 2001 and would not back Tony Blair. Asked how he would vote that year, he replied: ‘Not Labour’. The Socialist Labour Party, which is now almost defunct, campaigns for the ‘abolition of capitalism’ and the nationalisation of virtually every industry. Freeman faced accusations of hypocrisy after it was reported he sends his son to a private school . The Conservatives said Freeman’s decision to switch his support to Labour showed how far Mr Miliband had dragged the party to the Left. Tory MP Nigel Adams said: ‘Even Bilbo Baggins has recognised how far Labour has lurched to the left, imagine the chaos Red Ed would cause across Britain and the Shire.’ Labour was also facing potential embarrassment over revelations about Freeman’s personal life. Despite his socialist outlook, Freeman is reported to send his son to a school which charges up to £12,669 a year. A spokesman for the actor was asked to comment, but did not respond. It was a major coup for Labour leader Ed Miliband (pictured) but he faces embarrassment after it emerged Freeman is a former Scargill supporter . The star also hit the headlines two years ago after it emerged his long-term partner Amanda Abbington had declared herself bankrupt over an unpaid £120,000 tax bill, despite living with Freeman, who is worth more than £10million. Miss Abbington, who also appears in Sherlock, had been with Freeman for 11 years at the time. The couple have two children. The revelations sparked an outpouring of bad publicity for the couple, prompting Miss Abbington to settle her debts. She told the Radio Times later in 2013: ‘It’s fine, it’s being sorted out. It was a big mistake and I’m sorting it out right now. ‘It’s being paid off now. I would never want to go through this again. But I’m paying it off.’ Freeman’s decision to back Labour appeared to win the enthusiastic backing of Miss Abbington, who posted a message on Twitter saying: ‘F*** the Tories.’ Labour said the party election broadcast had received ‘unprecedented’ interest on the internet, with hundreds of thousands of people choosing to watch. The actor appears in front of a plain white background and, despite encouraging voters to put Labour in power, makes no mention of Mr Miliband or the prospect of him becoming the next prime minister. Instead, he focuses on contrasting Labour’s ‘values’ with those of the Tories, who he claims ‘have got sod all to offer the young’. Tory MP Nigel Adams said: ‘Labour is trying to whitewash Ed Miliband from their campaign – his MPs don’t want his photo on leaflets and now their party election broadcast doesn’t even mention him.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Martin Freeman is a former supporter of Arthur Scargill's far-left socialist party, while the article does not mention this.
2. The summary mentions that Freeman sends his son to a £12,000-a-year private school, while the article does not include this information.
3. The summary states that Freeman's long-term partner declared herself bankrupt over an unpaid £120,000 tax bill, while the article only mentions that she declared bankruptcy and does not provide the amount.
4. The summary quotes Freeman as saying "For me, there's only one choice - and I choose Labour," while the article does not include this quote.
5. The summary states that the Conservatives said Freeman's decision to switch his support to Labour showed how far Mr. Miliband had dragged the party to the left, while the article does not include this information.

Overall, the summary includes information that is not present in the article, and omits information that is present in the article. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
