<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    french club nimes will be relegated at the end of the season. jean-marc conrad tried to fix four matches as his team fought off relegation. seven games involving nimes were arrested last november. he was banned from football-related activities for seven years. 

    Article: 
    Second-tier French club Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season after its former president was found guilty of trying to fix matches. After interviewing about 50 officials, players and coaches, the French league disciplinary commission says Jean-Marc Conrad tried to fix four matches as his club fought off relegation last season. He was banned from football-related activities for seven years. Seven games involving Nimes were investigated after Conrad was arrested last November. Nimes' former club president Jean-Marc Conrad was arrested for his involvement in match-fixing last year . The investigation followed a 1-1 draw against Caen last May that kept Nimes in the second division and saw Caen promoted to the top flight. Preliminary charges of corruption have been filed against Caen president Jean-Francois Fortin and Conrad, who has stepped down in the aftermath of the scandal. Nimes can appeal the sanction. The Ligue 2 side will be relegated at the end of the season following the match-fixing scandal . Monaco forward Valere Germain (centre) vies with Nimes players Larry Azouni (right) and Anthony Marin (left) 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my step-by-step explanation of why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season, but the article does not mention anything about Nimes being relegated. In fact, the article states that Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season following the match-fixing scandal, which is different from the summary's statement.
2. The summary mentions that Jean-Marc Conrad tried to fix four matches, but the article only mentions that he was found guilty of trying to fix four matches. The article does not specify how many matches Conrad tried to fix.
3. The summary states that seven games involving Nimes were investigated, but the article only mentions that seven games were arrested last November. The article does not specify that these games were investigated.
4. The summary mentions that Caen president Jean-Francois Fortin has been charged with corruption, but the article does not mention anything about Fortin being charged with corruption.
5. The summary states that Nimes can appeal the sanction, but the article does not mention anything about Nimes being able to appeal the sanction.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omissions. The article provides more details and context about the match-fixing scandal, but the summary does not accurately reflect the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states seven games involving nimes were arrested last november, but the fact in article is Seven games involving Nimes were investigated after Conrad was arrested last November. 
