<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    als left your teeth chattering and raised $ 115 million. sportscaster fred katz challenged the crazy eyes warren on orange is the black geist was on the stunt with meredith vieira and the #twizzlerchallenge. think of the spaghetti scene except substitute a twizzler for the noodle. 

    Article: 
    (CNN)Admit it, you've been secretly itching for a new cause since last year's Ice Bucket Challenge for ALS left your teeth chattering and raised $115 million. This one's goofier and tastier, and won't leave you needing a change of clothes.  It's the #TwizzlerChallenge. So what's this challenge all about?  Think of the spaghetti scene from "Lady and the Tramp," except substitute a Twizzler for the noodle. Chomp and chomp and chomp until your lips meet in the middle, then smooch.  Simple enough. You're supposed to do a video, of course, and challenge others to do the same for a good cause. The ball got rolling almost two weeks ago on Comedy Central's "Night of Too Many Stars," a fundraiser for autism programs. A tweet from sportscaster Fred Katz challenged the "Today" show's Willie Geist and Uzo Aduba, who plays  Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren on "Orange Is the New Black," to share a "Lady and the Tramp" licorice. It took off from there.  Next thing you knew, Geist was repeating the stunt with Meredith Vieira and the #TwizzlerChallenge was on. Geist and Vieira challenged Matt Lauer and Kathy Lee Gifford.  They were good sports about it, but you may want to close your eyes here.  This isn't for the faint of heart. The challenge is starting to invade social media.  Just search the hashtag #TwizzlerChallenge. It sounds like a sweet deal for the folks at Twizzlers.  Their candy is on the lips of America. And to their credit, a couple of Twizzlers executives took the challenge and donated $10,000. The money goes to New York Collaborates for Autism.  The group funds and creates schools, programs and services for people with autism nationwide. Since 2006, "Night of Too Many Stars" has raised over $22 million.  If this challenge is even half as successful as the Ice Bucket Challenge, that number will triple. See you at the candy counter. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary mentions Fred Katz challenging the "Crazy Eyes" Warren on Orange is the Black, but the article does not mention this.

2. The summary mentions the stunt being repeated with Meredith Vieira, but the article does not mention this either.

3. The summary mentions the challenge being on social media, but the article only mentions it being on Comedy Central's "Night of Too Many Stars."

4. The summary mentions the challenge being for a good cause, but the article does not specify what the cause is.

5. The summary mentions the challenge being called the #TwizzlerChallenge, but the article only mentions the hashtag #TwizzlerChallenge in reference to the challenge going viral on social media.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, and leaves out details that are present in the article.

###Corrected:
