<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    gareth bale scored his first goals in 10 games for real madrid. ancelotti's side were beaten by levante in their 2-0 win over levante. real madrid will play with intensity for 90 minutes. bale has been silenced by a la liga double at the bernabeu. both goals were scored in the first half. 

    Article: 
    Real Madrid will need to play with intensity for 90 minutes and not just the first half if they are to have a chance of beating Barcelona in Sunday's La Liga 'Clasico', according to Real coach Carlo Ancelotti. Ancelotti praised his side for their performance before the break in Sunday's 2-0 win at home to Levante but said he was concerned by the way his players relaxed and let the visitors off the hook in the second period. A Gareth Bale double, his first goals in 10 matches, had put Real in control by halftime and they appeared to be cruising to a big win but Levante pushed Real hard in the second half and had chances to get back into the game. Gareth Bale scored his first goals in 10 games to help Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over Levante on Sunday . Bale has received a lot of criticism, but silenced his doubters with a La Liga double at the Bernabeu . It was not the dominant performance Real needed to silence their critics after three matches without a win but at least meant they will only be a point behind Barca when they run out at the Nou Camp. 'The whole team showed more desire and focus and they all understood what they had to do,' Ancelotti told a news conference. 'We did that in one part of the match and on Sunday we need to do that for the whole match,' added the Italian. Both goals were scored in the first half, and Carlo Ancelotti says they must have 90 minutes of intensity . Real Madrid travel to the Nou Camp to face Barcelona in their next match; a potentially title-deciding game . 'We played with confidence in the first half, the second worries me a bit. 'We were more relaxed and played a more horizontal game. We lacked verticality.' Bale, in particular, looked like he had a point to prove against Levante after he was one of the players targeted with whistles by Real fans upset with the team's recent poor form. Ancelotti said Bale's resurgence may have something to do with the return to action of midfielder Luka Modric, who he played with at Tottenham Hotspur, after a four-month injury layoff. Barcelona have been in brilliant form and are now top of La Liga after winning at the weekend . Real Madrid have slipped behind Barcelona to second in La Liga, and need to win to regain first position . 'Bale looked more motivated and more hungry,' Ancelotti said. 'The presence of Modric offers more depth for Bale to link up with his team mates. 'They know each other well, they played together at Tottenham, and there's no doubt that Bale is more comfortable with Modric on the pitch.' Real have the rest of the week to prepare for Sunday's showdown at Barca, who take a 2-1 lead into their Champions League last 16, second leg at home to Manchester City on Wednesday. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary. Here's my step-by-step reasoning:

1. The summary states that Gareth Bale scored his first goals in 10 games for Real Madrid, but the article states that Bale has been silenced by a La Liga double at the Bernabeu, which implies that he has scored more than one goal in La Liga, not just his first goals in 10 games.
2. The summary states that Ancelotti's side were beaten by Levante, but the article states that Real Madrid won the match 2-0.
3. The summary states that Real Madrid will play with intensity for 90 minutes, but the article states that Ancelotti is concerned by the way his players relaxed and let Levante off the hook in the second period.
4. The summary states that Bale has received a lot of criticism, but silenced his doubters with a La Liga double at the Bernabeu, but the article does not mention any criticism of Bale.
5. The summary states that both goals were scored in the first half, but the article states that both goals were scored in the first half, but Levante pushed Real hard in the second half and had chances to get back into the game.
6. The summary states that Real Madrid will only be a point behind Barca when they run out at the Nou Camp, but the article states that Real Madrid have slipped behind Barcelona to second in La Liga, and need to win to regain first position.
7. The summary states that Bale looked more motivated and more hungry, but the article does not mention any specific improvement in Bale's performance.

Based on these inconsistencies, it appears that the summary is not a accurate reflection of the article's content.

###Corrected:
