<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jenson button and fernando alonso failed to finish the title. mclaren pair began the race with button 17th but were involved in a battle in the middle. alonso only lasted 21 laps in sepang in his first race of the 2015 season. jenson button was happy to be more competitive at the malaysian grand prix. 

    Article: 
    Jenson Button was pleasantly surprised by McLaren's performance at the Malaysian Grand Prix despite the fact both he and Fernando Alonso failed to finish the race. The McLaren pair began the race with Button 17th and Alonso 18th but were involved in a battle in the middle of the pack for the first half of the race. Alonso was forced to retire, though, after being called in by his team after 21 laps while Button lasted double the amount of time as his team-mate. Jenson Button was happy to see McLaren be more competitive at the Malaysian Grand Prix . Fernando Alonso only lasted 21 laps in Sepang in his first race of the 2015 season . Button seen on the tail of Toro Rosso driver Carlos Sainz at the Sepang International Circuit . But Button was happy to see his team challenging again after a lonely Australian Grand Prix where he could only manage to nurse the car home. He told Sky Sports: 'I would rather this way around (being forced to retire) than get to the end and be nowhere. 'We were quicker than the Force India. The Sauber was there and the Lotus wasn't that much quicker. It was a nice surprise but it was also good to see where our strengths and weaknesses were compared to the rest of the cars. 'It was interesting to race with other people and a little bit unexpected. It wasn't so bad, it was just a little bit messy with the pit stop and safety car.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Fernando Alonso only lasted 21 laps in his first race of the 2015 season, but the article states that he retired after 21 laps in the Malaysian Grand Prix, not in his first race.
2. The summary states that Jenson Button was happy to be more competitive at the Malaysian Grand Prix, but the article states that he was happy to see McLaren challenging again after a lonely Australian Grand Prix.
3. The summary states that the McLaren pair began the race with Button 17th and Alonso 18th, but the article states that they began the race with Button 17th and Alonso 18th but were involved in a battle in the middle of the pack for the first half of the race.
4. The summary states that Button was happy to see his team challenging again, but the article states that he was happy to see where their strengths and weaknesses were compared to the rest of the cars.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article, and contains several inaccuracies and inconsistencies.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions jenson button was happy to be more competitive at the malaysian grand prix, but the fact is  Jenson Button was happy to see McLaren be more competitive at the Malaysian Grand Prix. The summary has different meaning with the article's expression which is inconsistent.
