<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the catfish is named by biologists at auburn university museum of natural history. the fish was discovered in the gurupi river in north central brazil. the resemblance to the first of the original star wars films. the new species of catfish peckoltia greedoi has large eyes and a sucker mouth. han solo - an extinct trilobite found in southern china. 

    Article: 
    A new species of bug-eyed catfish with a suckermouth has been named after the Star Wars character Greedo. The catfish has been named by biologists at Auburn University Museum of Natural History, in Alabama, as Peckoltia greedoi after the fictional alien bounty hunter. The fish was discovered in the Gurupi River in north central Brazil and has large dark eyes, protruding birstles and a sucker mouth. The new species of catfish Peckoltia greedoi (left) has large eyes and a sucker mouth much like the bounty hunter Greedo (right) in that featured briefly at the start of the first installment of the original Star Wars films . Professor Jonathan Armbruster, a biologist and curator of fishes at the museum, said his colleagues Chris Hamilton noticed the resemblance to the alien killed by Han Solo in the first of the original Star Wars films. Yoda purpurata - a deep sea worm . Han solo - an extinct species of trilobite found in southern China . Aptostichus sarlaac - a species of trapdoor spider . Tetramorium jedi - a Madagascan ant . Darthvaderum - an Australian arboreal mite . Polemistus chewbacca - a wasp . Agathidium vaderi - a species of beetle . He said: 'Chris looked at the specimen and said "that looks like that guy from Star Wars". 'After a little prodding, I realised he was talking about Greedo. 'We then knew what the name had to be. 'The Peckoltia greedoi does bear a striking resemblance to Greedo. 'As a seven-year-old kid, I watched Star Wars in the theatre and it was a life-changing experience for me. 'I became a lifelong fan, and I now share that with my son. 'Greedo has always been a personal favourite of mine.' Greedo, a bug-eyed green alien from the spaceport Mos Espa, was killed by Han Solo in a brief scene close to the start of Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. It is not the first new species to be named after characters from the Star Wars films. Even though taxonomy is considered to be a serious business, those naming new species often have a lot of fun with the names. In 2012 marine biologists named a purple deep sea worm Yoda purpurata after the Jedi knight from Star Wars - Yoda. Professor Jonathan Armbruster (pictured above on the right with student Carrie Allison left) named the new species of catfish after his favourite character from the Star Wars films that he watched as a young boy . Peckoltia greedoi (shown above) has bug-eyes, bristles on its cheeks and a large sucker mouth . There is also a small parasite that lives on a burrowing crab known as Albunione yoda. A fossil trilobite which was found to belong to a new genus was given the name Han solo by a palaeobiologist Samuel Turvey. Jason Bong, director of the Auburn University Museum of Natural Hisotry also named a new species of trapdoor spider the Aptostichus sarlaac, after the sarlacc monster that appears in the Return of the Jedi. A species of ant in Madagascar is called Tetramorium jedi, while an entire genus of mite in Australia is called Darthvaderum. There are also three species of wasp called Polemistus chewbacca, Polemistus vaderi and Polemistus yoda. Professor Armbuster himself has named more than 40 new species of fish. Peckoltia greedoi was first discovered in 1998 but had not been described as a new species until this year. Two other new species - Peckoltia ephippiata and Peckoltia lujani - were found alongside it. He said: 'In biology, taxonomy is probably the most important science. 'We have not even completed cataloging all of the species found locally, and in places like South America, it sometimes feels like we have barely started. 'We need names to be able to discuss anything about the biology of the organisms, and it is the one branch of biology used by every biologist alive.' The purple deep sea worm above was named Yoda purpurata, after the Jedi knight from the Star Wars films . The trapdoor spider above was named Aptostichus sarlaac, after the sarlacc monster in Return of the Jedi . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the catfish is named after the Star Wars character Greedo, but the article states that the catfish is named after the character Peckoltia greedoi.
2. The summary mentions Han Solo as an extinct trilobite found in southern China, but the article does not mention Han Solo at all.
3. The summary mentions Yoda purpurata as a deep sea worm named after the Jedi knight from Star Wars, but the article does not mention Yoda purpurata.
4. The summary mentions Aptostichus sarlaac as a species of trapdoor spider named after the sarlacc monster in Return of the Jedi, but the article does not mention Aptostichus sarlaac.
5. The summary mentions Tetramorium jedi as a species of ant in Madagascar named after the Jedi knight, but the article does not mention Tetramorium jedi.
6. The summary mentions Darthvaderum as an Australian arboreal mite named after the character Darth Vader, but the article does not mention Darthvaderum.
7. The summary mentions Polemistus chewbacca, Polemistus vaderi, and Polemistus yoda as three species of wasp named after the characters Chewbacca, Darth Vader, and Yoda, but the article does not mention these species.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes several names and species that are not mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
