<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    spirit airlines has a new fare deal with sex jokes. the low-cost carrier is celebrating $ 69 round-trip fares in april. some observers say the promotion is sophomoric and crossed the limits of good taste. round-trip purchase is not required, so you could actually pay $ 34.50. 

    Article: 
    (CNN)Spirit Airlines has a new fare deal and is announcing it with sex jokes. The low-cost carrier just acquired its 69th plane and is celebrating with $69 round-trip fares in April and May that include taxes and fees -- although additional baggage charges may apply. Round-trip purchase is not required, so you could actually pay $34.50 for a one-way flight. But the airline is getting more attention for its cheeky ad copy, which obliquely references a sexual act. "We've been waiting to hit 69 planes for years," reads the offer on Spirit's website. "It's our favorite number -- ever since we were twelve and found that magazine under our brother's bed (the one with the fantastic articles). Use your mouth to spread the word: Spirit is in an even better position to get you where you're going." Some observers say the promotion is sophomoric and has crossed the limits of good taste. "You can't object to that price point, but you certainly can object to the discount airline's marketing strategy, which is so juvenile it led us to wonder if Spirit's website was hacked," wrote Aaron Rupar of KMSP in Minneapolis. Spirit spokesman Paul Berry, in a prepared statement, said the promotion reflects the airline's quirky culture. "Spirit isn't your typical airline and we don't want to be. We enjoy being different than other airlines," said Berry, Spirit's director of corporate communications. "When it comes to advertising, different means we don't spend a lot of money on advertising -- because that just increases fares.  But we're also different because our ads are fun, provocative, sometimes silly and often irreverent. They get lots of attention," he added. "The vast majority of our customers find these types of ads humorous and accept them for what they are. We understand there is a small group of people who feel differently." The $69 fares must be booked by the end of the day Tuesday. Questionable taste or not, the promotion may be working: People were complaining on Twitter that they couldn't access Spirit's website to book flights. Based in Florida, Spirit Airlines is famous for charging fees for almost everything it possibly can. The airline's defense is simple: Pay for what you want on your flight, and don't pay for what you don't want. Airline plans $15 flights to Europe . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Spirit Airlines is offering $69 round-trip fares, while the article states that the fares are $69 round-trip plus taxes and fees.

2. The summary implies that round-trip purchase is required to get the $69 fare, while the article states that round-trip purchase is not required and that customers can pay $34.50 for a one-way flight.

3. The summary does not mention the airline's quirky culture or its history of charging fees for almost everything, which are key points in the article.

4. The summary refers to the promotion as "sex jokes," while the article describes the ad copy as "cheeky" and "sometimes silly."

Overall, the summary does not accurately represent the content of the article and is not consistent with the information provided.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions spirit airlines has a new fare deal with sex jokes, but the fact in article isSpirit Airlines has a new fare deal and is announcing it with sex jokes. The 'with sex jokes' is for 'announcing it with'.
2. The summary mentions round-trip purchase is not required, so you could actually pay $ 34.50, but it missed the information in article that $34.50 is for one-way, without this information, the reader won't know what is $34.50 for.
