<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    she was asked to 'get and interpreter' by staff at port orange post office. 

    Article: 
    A deaf woman claims she was ridiculed by post office staff who told her to ‘get an interpreter’ before asking her to leave the building. The 38-year-old was showing her eight-year-old son how to ship a package during a visit to the Port Orange Post Office in Volusia County, Florida. But after explaining she was deaf, she said one worker refused to communicate with her through written notes. A deaf woman claims she was told to 'get and interpreter' by staff at Port Orange Post Office (pictured) in Florida . The woman, who does not want to be named, said the female member of staff ‘started kind of making fun of me and pointing to the paper’. The situation escalated and a male supervisor was called over who initially also refused to communicate in writing, she said. Wftv quotes the Minnesota resident as saying: ‘I said to him, “You know, this is illegal. You can’t refuse to serve a deaf person at the post office. This is a federal government building.” And that’s when he wrote the note.’ She said that the man then wrote down a message on a piece of paper saying: ‘Call your congressman, who do not (sic) have to write down for you. It’s not the law. Get an interpreter.’ According to Wftv, she said: ‘At that point, he started treating us like we were dogs, literally just motioning at us like we were dogs, like we needed to get out of here.’ She woman that a supervisor then wrote down a message (pictured) on a piece of paper saying: ‘Call your congressman, who do not (sic) have to write down for you. It’s not the law. Get an interpreter.’ A United States Postal Service spokesman told the News Journal that it ‘extends its sincere apologies’ to the customer. The spokesman added: ‘Our expectation is that all customers will be treated with dignity and respect and receive courteous and helpful service from our employees. ‘Some situations present special challenges, such as language barriers, hearing and visual impairments, as well as others. ‘We always strive to meet the needs of the customers in all situations and deeply regret when we do not live up to that expectation.’ The spokesman said that it would take ‘swift remedial actions’ to address the incident. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the woman was asked to "get an interpreter," but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that the woman was told to "call her congressman" and that the supervisor wrote down a message on a piece of paper saying "get an interpreter."
2. The summary implies that the woman was ridiculed and treated like a dog by the post office staff, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that the woman was refused service because of her deafness and that the supervisor was "making fun of her" by writing down a message on a piece of paper.
3. The summary does not mention that the woman was showing her son how to ship a package, which is mentioned in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the situation and adds details that are not present in the article. The article does not mention the woman being asked to "get an interpreter," being ridiculed, or being treated like a dog. Instead, it focuses on the fact that the woman was refused service because of her deafness and that the post office staff should have provided her with written communication.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions she was asked to 'get and interpreter' by staff at port orange post office, but the fact in article is a deaf woman claims she was ridiculed by post office staff who told her to ‘get an interpreter’ before asking her to leave the building.
2. In the article it is 'get an interpreter' but in the summary it was changed as 'get and interpreter' which is inconsistent with article.
