<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ** k'' can also be included in messages. 

    Article: 
    The words 'Christ' and 'Jesus Christ' have been placed on a list of banned words by Marks & Spencer and cannot be used in gift messages. Customers buying a bunch of flowers who try to add a free message containing them are prevented from completing their order. An on-screen notification, which pops up if any blocked words are entered, reads: 'Sorry, there's something in your message we can't write.' The words 'Christ' and 'Jesus Christ' have been placed on a list of banned words by Marks & Spencer and cannot be used in gift messages on bouquets of flowers (stock image) 'Christ' and 'Jesus Christ' join other banned words including 'f***' and 'gay' - but some terms including jihad, Buddha and Allah are accepted. 'Terrorist' and 'd**k' can also be included in messages. The policy emerged earlier today after one customer was stopped from buying a £35 bouquet for a funeral because she said in the gift message that it was from a family in 'Christ Church Teddington'. When Gerardine Stockford, 53, phoned customer services an employee told her that it must be a blocked word, according to The Sunday Times. Lord Carey, a former Archbishop of Canterbury, was shocked. He said: 'If Christ becomes an offensive word in a Christian land then all of us should be alarmed.' 'Christ' and 'Jesus Christ' join other banned words including 'f***' and 'gay' - but some terms including jihad, Buddha and Allah are accepted . Despite the supermarket giant being made aware of the issue yesterday, M&S has still not changed the facility . Despite the supermarket giant being made aware of the issue yesterday, it still has not changed the facility. A spokesman for Marks & Spencer said: 'An automatic phrase checker is in place to prevent the use and misuse of certain words and it includes hundreds of words of varying nature. 'The words Jesus and Christ are included to prevent their misuse.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary statement "k'' can also be included in messages" is not consistent with the article:

1. The article states that the words "Christ" and "Jesus Christ" are banned words in Marks & Spencer's gift messages, but the summary does not mention this.
2. The article mentions that other banned words include "f***" and "gay", but the summary does not mention these words either.
3. The summary implies that all words can be included in messages, which is not accurate according to the article.
4. The article states that the automatic phrase checker includes hundreds of words of varying nature, but the summary does not provide any information about the scope of the phrase checker.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the content of the article. Specifically, it does not mention the banned words, the scope of the phrase checker, or the context in which the words are being used.

###Corrected:
