<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
(CNN)The health of Singapore's first prime minister, Lee Kuan Yew, who has been in hospital with pneumonia since February 5, has deteriorated further, the government said Wednesday. The Prime Minister's office had said Tuesday that Lee, 91, who is on a ventilator in the intensive care unit of Singapore General Hospital, had an infection and was being treated with antibiotics. "Mr Lee Kuan Yew remains critically ill in the ICU and has deteriorated further," the office said in its latest update. Later Wednesday, a top government spokesman dismissed as a hoax a report that Singapore's founding father had died. A message about Lee's supposed demise, purporting to be from the current Prime Minister, had circulated online. "We have reported this to the police and they are investigating this hoax. Our website was not hacked, it was a doctored image," Farah Rahim, senior director for the Singapore Ministry of Communications and Information said. Born in 1923, Lee co-founded the city state in 1965 when it declared its independence from Malaysia and was its prime minister for more than three decades. Lee was succeeded as prime minister by Goh Chok Tong in 1990, before Lee Kuan Yew's son Lee Hsien Loong took power in August 2004. The elder Lee has been credited with Singapore's remarkable transformation from a colonial trading post to a prosperous financial center. However, he has also been a divisive figure, attracting criticism for stifling media freedom and for the harsh treatment of political opponents.
</Article>

<Summary>
top government spokesman says singapore's founding father had died.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore's first prime minister, is critically ill in the intensive care unit of Singapore General Hospital and has deteriorated further.
2. The article also mentions that a top government spokesman dismissed a report that Lee had died as a hoax.
3. However, the summary states that the top government spokesman said that Singapore's founding father had died.
4. This is not consistent with the article, as the article does not mention the death of Lee Kuan Yew. Instead, it mentions that he is critically ill and has deteriorated further.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The article states that Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore's first prime minister, is critically ill in the intensive care unit of Singapore General Hospital and has deteriorated further.
2. However, the summary states that the top government spokesman said that Singapore's founding father had died.
3. This is not consistent with the article, as the article does not mention the death of Lee Kuan Yew. Instead, it mentions that he is critically ill and has deteriorated further.
4. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the information in the article.
