<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ireland will take on france in the evening kick-off on sunday. 

    Article: 
    These are testing times for Scotland. The embarrassment of the wooden spoon and a possible Six Nations whitewash await on Saturday. Yet, still, some have faith. After four straight Six Nations defeats, it may seem that he is a little detached from the reality of the situation but Jim Hamilton, that most rugged of lock forwards, maintains this is a team on the verge of something special. The 32-year-old, who has won 60 caps during his nine-year international career, is not one to take a backwards on the field of play. And he insists that, despite results, Vern Cotter's men are heading in the right direction. Scotland lock Jim Hamilton has won 60 caps for his country spanning a nine-year international career . Ireland will attempt to rack up both the win and tries needed at BT Murrayfield on Saturday afternoon to apply a significant dose of pressure to Championship rivals England before they take on France in the evening kick-off. An onslaught awaits. But the man who Cotter calls his 'great, old warrior' was in no mood to take on the roll of cannon-fodder. And Hamilton, who has already experienced the pain of the wooden spoon in 2007 and 2012, said: 'I understand the results are the most important thing, but we definitely have some players who can do something really special in the near future. 'Having had the experiences I have had playing for Scotland and not having everything going our way and having to brush ourselves off in adversity, something good will come of the time we are going through just now I am sure. 'This squad is in a very good place, more so than in most Six Nations I have been involved in despite the results. On paper, it doesn't look like we've done too well as we haven't won a game, but I think it is fair to say that we are definitely on the up. Hamilton insists Scotland are heading in the right direction under Scotland coach Vern Cotter (above) 'We have some fantastic players coming through. Jonny Gray was just 21 on Saturday. Then you have Adam Ashe, Stuart Hogg, Finn Russell, Fraser Brown. We are building an unbelievably good squad of players and we are playing some great stuff. 'The biggest frustration is that in the past we have been the could-have, should-have, would-have side. The nearly team. But that will change under Vern Cotter with this group of players, no question. 'I genuinely, genuinely believe in what I am doing and what he is doing otherwise I would not be working as hard as I am to be here and trying to get into the Scotland team. 'Are we better than the wooden spoon this year? Yeah, we probably are. 'If we beat Ireland at the weekend, am I going to be happy with how we did in the Championship? No. I want to win games. I'm here to win Championships. I am here to be part of a Scotland successful team that will come good soon. 'Whether that is with me starting games, on the bench or in the squad helping the great young guys, I am determined to see it through as this team is heading in the right direction under Vern Cotter. Hamilton cites young talent such as 21-year-old lock Jonny Gray as reasons for optimism going forward . 'I will stay here as long as I possibly can to help our fortunes change which they will. I genuinely believe it will happen soon and this team will do very, very well.' Hamilton's optimism is not based in fantasy. Scotland have shown glimpses of what they can do — and, at times, their play has been a joy to behold. All they have to do now is execute Cotter's game plan without making the silly mistakes that have cost them victory in at least three of their Six Nations matches thus far. 'I genuinely believe winning is a habit we have simply got out off,' said the big second row. 'Having played for Leicester and for Saracens in games where we are not playing that well but go on to win, we got used to winning. It's a habit but losing is, as well. 'We can change that habit against Ireland and although we may go into it off some losses, we have positives to take from them. Young flanker Adam Ashe (right) is another player who has shown plenty of promise in recent games . 'For example, look at the England game when we lost early points but went in at half-time winning 13-10 — which just shows the maturity in what is a young squad. 'Also we are scoring some really exciting tries with some being fantastic, haven't they? 'It is now all about bringing everything together now into a full 80-minute performance. Can we win the game against Ireland at the weekend with what we've got? Of course we can. 'We have shown enough signs that we are good enough and provided we stop making naive mistakes, we can finish the Six Nations with a win and show how well this group of players is progressing. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Ireland will take on France in the evening kick-off on Sunday, while the article does not mention anything about Ireland playing France. Instead, the article focuses on Scotland's chances in the Six Nations and their upcoming match against Ireland.
2. The summary mentions that the article is about Scotland, but the article does not provide any information about Scotland's performance or prospects in the Six Nations. Instead, the article focuses on Jim Hamilton's optimism about Scotland's future and his belief that the team is heading in the right direction under coach Vern Cotter.
3. The summary states that Hamilton insists Scotland are heading in the right direction, but the article does not provide any direct quotes from Hamilton saying this. Instead, the article quotes Hamilton as saying that he believes the team is on the verge of something special and that he is determined to see it through as long as he can.
4. The summary mentions that the article discusses Scotland's young talent, but the article does not provide any information about specific young players or their performances. Instead, the article focuses on Hamilton's optimism about the team's future and his belief that they are building an unbelievably good squad of players.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it provides information that is not present in the article, such as Ireland playing France, and it misrepresents the content of the article by focusing on Scotland's performance when the article actually focuses on Jim Hamilton's optimism about the team's future.

###Corrected:
