<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    marcos rojo will be keen to stay with the ligue 1 club. 

    Article: 
    Lille's on-loan midfielder Marcos Lopes would be keen to stay with the Ligue 1 club beyond the end of the season if he is not sure of regular playing time back at Manchester City. Lopes, 19, is on a season-long loan with Les Dogues, making 19 appearances in all competitions to date. 'When I came to Lille I was hoping to get playing time, but this season has gone beyond my expectations,' Lopes told L'Equipe reporters. Manchester City midfielder Marcos Lopes (centre, pictured in January 2014) could remain at Lille . 'I feel really good now. I feel more responsibility. This is important, because it means they believe in me.' Asked about his future plans, the playmaker added: 'I have a contract with Manchester City. But I feel at home at LOSC and it is possible I will stay. 'What interests me is to be at a club where I can play. I have to make up my mind at the end of the season.' Lopes is yet to appear in a Premier League match for City but made four cup appearances last season, having made his debut in the FA Cup in 2013. Portuguese teenager Lopes has revealed he is enjoying his loan spell at Ligue 1 outfit Lille . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary "Marcos Rojo will be keen to stay with the Ligue 1 club" is not consistent with the article:

1. The article does not mention Marcos Rojo at all. The name mentioned in the article is Marcos Lopes, not Marcos Rojo.
2. The summary suggests that Marcos Rojo will be keen to stay with the Ligue 1 club, but there is no information in the article to support this statement. The article only discusses Marcos Lopes' potential stay at Lille beyond the end of the season.
3. The article states that Marcos Lopes is on a season-long loan with Lille from Manchester City, and he has made 19 appearances in all competitions to date. There is no mention of Marcos Rojo being on loan with Lille or having any affiliation with the club.

Therefore, the summary "Marcos Rojo will be keen to stay with the Ligue 1 club" is not consistent with the article, as it refers to a different person (Marcos Lopes) and contains information that is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
