<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Derby County have revived interest in Fulham's Ross McCormack. The Championship promotion hopefuls had made enquiries about signing Jordan Rhodes from Blackburn Rovers but the Ewood Park club's reluctance to deal has prompted fresh questions about McCormack. The Scotland international made an £11million move from Leeds in the summer but the move has backfired with Fulham falling perilously close to the relegation places in recent weeks. Fulham striker Ross McCormack battles with Bournemouth's Matt Ritchie during their clash at Craven Cottage . Fulham striker McCormack gets his shot away as Fulham take on Watford in the Championship . McCormack has been linked with a move to promotion hopefuls Derby County as Fulham stutter in the division . McCormack, 28, has still managed 12 goals in a struggling side and Derby are keen to see if Fulham will loan him with a view to a permanent deal should they go up. Fulham's form is poor with just three wins this year and they are unlikely to want to lose one of their best forwards. They have an eight point cushion between themselves and Wigan and plan a re-structure in the summer should they survive. Second-placed Derby face promotion rivals Norwich on Saturday. Jordan Rhodes (centre) was on the subs' bench for the duration of Blackburn's FA Cup match with Liverpool .
</Article>

<Summary>
fulham striker mccormack gets his shot away as fulham win on watford.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Fulham striker Ross McCormack "gets his shot away" as Fulham win against Watford.
2. However, the article states that Fulham have been struggling in the Championship and have only won three games this year.
3. Therefore, it is unlikely that Fulham would be winning against Watford, as they are in a poor run of form.
4. The article also states that Fulham are in the relegation zone and are unlikely to want to lose one of their best forwards, Ross McCormack.
5. Therefore, the statement in the summary that Fulham win against Watford with McCormack scoring is not consistent with the information in the article.

Conclusion: The summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that Fulham are winning and scoring goals, when in fact the article states that they are in a poor run of form and are struggling in the Championship.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Fulham striker Ross McCormack "gets his shot away" as Fulham win against Watford.
2. However, the article states that Fulham have been struggling in the Championship and have only won three games this year.
3. Therefore, it is unlikely that Fulham would be winning against Watford, as they are in a poor run of form.
4. Therefore, the statement in the summary that Fulham win against Watford with McCormack scoring is not consistent with the information in the article.
