<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite food. 

    Article: 
    A mother-of-three says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside. Ayesha Bhatti, 29, from Derby, found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of her family. Scroll down for video . Mother-of-three Ayesha Bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside . 'I have never seen Wotsits as small as that,' said the full-time mother, who bought the packets in the Derby branch of discount store Home Bargains on Wednesday last week. 'It's so funny. My family eats quite a lot of them and I like them because they're not oily like other crisps. 'I think these ones could possibly be the smallest in the world. What are the chances of finding so many at once? It's very unusual. 'They certainly wouldn't fill you up but I suppose they're good if you're on a diet.' The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of Ms Bhatti and her family . Ms Bhatti said she has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the minature crisps, but said she would do if she found more. 'I don't feel ripped off,' she said. 'At the end of the day they're Wotsits. I haven't spoken to Walkers about it and I didn't take them back to the shop. 'I don't feel hard done by, it's quite funny really, my kids think they're hilarious. 'But if it happened again, I would probably have a word with Walkers. Ms Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks which she bought at a discount retailer in Derby . 'I'd already seen a post on Facebook where somebody was saying they had small Wotsits so I'm not the only one.' Ms Bhatti says she and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but do not know what they are going to do with them. 'At first the kids were really excited and wanted to eat them but when we found more they said they wanted to keep them,' she said. 'I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the Wotsits now. The kids will probably go in the cupboard and eat them when my back is turned.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the mother found "the world's smallest Wotsits," but the article does not say that. Instead, it describes the mini-Wotsits as "smaller than usual."
2. The summary states that the mother found "several" mini-Wotsits in her bag of crisps, but the article only mentions one mini-Wotsit.
3. The summary implies that the mother and her family are going to eat the mini-Wotsits, but the article states that they have decided against it and are unsure of what to do with them.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the size of the mini-Wotsits and implies that the family is going to eat them, when in fact they are unsure of what to do with them.

###Corrected:
