<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the bolton boxer had hoped to take the floyd mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight. 

    Article: 
    Amir Khan says he would love to fight Adrien Broner in his next bout. The Bolton boxer had hoped to take on Floyd Mayweather but the pound-for-pound king will instead meet Manny Pacquaio in a $300million mega-fight on May 2. And now it seems Khan has set his sights on facing the man dubbed by many as the new Mayweather. Amir Khan (left) says he'd love to fight Adrien Broner after the American said he'd be ready this month . Broner, a former three weight world champion, won a unanimous points decision over John Molina on Saturday as he continued to rebuild his reputation after losing his undefeated record two years ago to Marcos Maidana – who then twice fought and lost to Mayweather. So comfortable was the Molina fight for Broner that on Tuesday he said he would be ready to face Khan 'at the end of this month'. Writing on Instagram, Broner said: 'No disrespect to Virgil Hunter he is a great coach and I got endless love for him but me and Amir Khan can fight at the end of this month I haven't taken any punishment I'm back in the gym and ready to make a fool out of anybody #AboutBillions #ABonNBC' Khan appeared to laugh off Broner's claims on Twitter before going on to tweet: 'Would love to fight @AdrienBroner next! #KhanvsBroner lets make it happen.' Broner won a unanimous points decision on Saturday but says he copped little punishment and is in the gym . On Monday, Broner even suggested he would be prepared to come to England to fight Khan. 'I can't wait. I'd even fight him at Wembley,' Broner told BoxingNews24. Last year Mayweather hit back at Khan's claims he was running scared and told him to prove his credentials by beating Broner on the undercard of his first fight with Maidana. Floyd Mayweather hit back at Khan's claims he was running scared but chose to fight Manny Pacquaio . Mayweather tweeted: 'I don't have an easy fight on May 3, 2014, so I can't overlook @ChinoMaidana but @AmirKingKhan, if you and @AdrienBroner end up fighting each other on my show and you win (which you won't) ... I'll fight you.' The fight never materialised then with Khan instead going on to beat Luis Collazo and then Devon Alexander. But with no opponent named for his next fight, the proposition of fighting Broner may now appeal to Khan. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Amir Khan hoped to take on Floyd Mayweather in a $300 million mega-fight, but the article states that Khan has set his sights on fighting Adrien Broner instead.
2. The summary does not mention Broner's victory over John Molina on Saturday, nor does it mention Broner's claims that he is ready to fight at the end of the month.
3. The summary does not mention Khan's tweet expressing interest in fighting Broner, nor does it mention Broner's suggestion that he would be willing to fight Khan in England.
4. The summary does not mention Mayweather's tweet in response to Khan's claims that he was running scared, nor does it mention the fact that Mayweather chose to fight Manny Pacquiao instead of Khan.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article, as it omits several key details and presents a different narrative.

###Corrected:
