<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    katie launched an attack on danny mas, saying: 'no woman should ever propose to a man' 

    Article: 
    Yesterday, a Twitter war escalated between Danny Dyer and Katie Hopkins after the reality star criticised his girlfriend for proposing to him. Katie launched an attack on Danny's partner Joanne Mas, saying: 'no woman should ever propose to a man,' to which the EastEnders star responded: 'I agree...especially when you look like ya face should be on the side of a gothic building,' and calling her sexist. But a post-graduate English student who proposed to her boyfriend using a personalised pint glass tells FEMAIL that Katie's notions of marriage are outdated. Katy Miller, 24, and Tim O’Brien, 29, who are from Texas but currently live in Portugal, had been dating for several years before she decided to take the plunge last April. She said: 'My partner and I first met at an Irish pub in Texas. 'We both very much enjoy drinking craft beer, visiting breweries, and sampling the local beers in every city (and country) we visit.' She continued: 'I knew he would love it if I tied this common interest into a proposal, so I picked a quiet craft beer pub in a residential area of Dublin to bring things full circle. 'I was a graduate student in Manchester at the time, so Ireland wasn’t very far away. 'I had a pint glass etched with ‘Tim, after you finish this pint, I’m going to ask you a question…’ on the side, while the bottom that he’d see after downing the pint said ‘…will you marry me?’ The pint glass that Katy commissioned for her proposal to boyfriend Tim . Tim was delighted with the proposal and immediately said yes, with the pair choosing to elope just a few months later. They said their handwritten vows on a hilltop in a quiet village on the island of Mallorca, which Katy describes as, 'One of the happiest moments of our lives.' Katy is proud of her decision to propose to Tim and believes that Ms Hopkins' views on marriage are outdated. She said: 'There are things of real importance women do every day that are cause for actual celebration. 'A woman proposing to a man is not one of them, and I wish it were such an unremarkable event that we never felt the need to discuss it or to defend ourselves. 'Unfortunately, that is not the case, particularly not in the southern US where we are from.' Etched onto the bottom of the pint glass was the question 'Will you marry me?' While Katy and Tim's close friends and family were delighted at their happy news, she does admit that there was a backlash for more small minded people. She reveals: 'People asked if it was an April Fools joke (it was April 16th) and asked me if the proposal was actually for real. 'Acquaintances of my partner had a hard time understanding the concept, and we heard the phrase ‘real man’ tossed around, as if a ‘real man’ isn’t any man. 'But the main source of awkward interactions was my lack of an engagement ring.' Katie Hopkins and Danny Dyer got into a Twitter row yesterday after the reality star criticised the actor's girlfriend for proposing to him . Katy believes that in order for us to move into a fully equal society, issues like who proposes to who shouldn't even be a topic of conversation. She said: 'This narrative of men always proposing and that being the only option is incredibly dull. 'When it comes to relationships, everyone should do what is best for them; however, I refuse to believe that following a man’s lead is what’s best for every single woman. 'Perhaps some women, like me, want to make romantic gestures to their partner. 'Obviously there are far more important feminist issues in society than who is proposing to whom, but if we’re going to speak out against gender roles, then why has this antiquated tradition remained so firmly in place? 'Instead, there’s this stigma where people see a woman who proposes as someone who is tired of waiting around for the man to do it. 'The word ‘emasculation’ is often thrown around when a woman proposes, and I find this entirely ridiculous and offensive to both men and women.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Katie Hopkins said "no woman should ever propose to a man," but the article does not support this quote. In fact, the article states the opposite, that Katie Hopkins criticized Danny Dyer's girlfriend for proposing to him, but the article does not mention Katie Hopkins saying that no woman should ever propose to a man.
2. The summary implies that Katie Hopkins is against women proposing to men, but the article states that Katie Hopkins is against the idea that men should always propose to women. The article quotes Katie Hopkins as saying "this narrative of men always proposing and that being the only option is incredibly dull."
3. The summary states that Katie Hopkins believes that women should not propose to men, but the article states that Katie Hopkins believes that in order for us to move into a fully equal society, issues like who proposes to who shouldn't even be a topic of conversation.
4. The summary implies that Katie Hopkins is against women making romantic gestures to their partners, but the article states that Katie Hopkins believes that everyone should do what is best for them in their relationships.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents Katie Hopkins' views on women proposing to men. The article does not support the idea that Katie Hopkins is against women proposing to men, but rather that she is against the idea that men should always propose to women.

###Corrected:
