<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    khalsa secondary academy does not want her 11-year-old daughter freya to go. 

    Article: 
    An angry Christian mother fears her daughter will ‘become a religious minority’ after she was allocated a place at a Sikh school. Kirsty Jarvis said 11-year-old Freya has been looking forward to moving up to secondary school in September. But they have been left ‘shocked and upset’ by the decision by council admissions officers to give her a place at the Khalsa Secondary Academy, despite it not being named as one of her preferred choices. Khalsa Secondary Academy, where Kirsty Jarvis does not want her 11-year-old daughter Freya to go as she would be a 'minority' The Sikh faith school opened in the village of Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire, last September despite protests from residents. Mrs Jarvis, who lives in the nearby village of Farnham Royal, said most of Freya’s friends have been allocated places at a school in the town of Beaconsfield. ‘We’re a practising Christian family and while we aren’t wanting her to go to a Christian school, my daughter should not be expected to attend a Sikh school,’ said Mrs Jarvis. ‘We knew we were ever so slightly out of the catchment for a number of our first choices but we never thought we would be given Khalsa. ‘In this day and age I could not imagine ever sending my child to a school where she would become a minority. 'Although it’s open to all, each day they take students off for morning prayers and my daughter would not be doing that, and she would, therefore, be taken out and isolated. I’m not sure she would be able to cope with that.’ St Giles Church in Stoke Poges. Khalsa Secondary Academy opened in the village in September . Khalsa Secondary Academy opened with 180 pupils, and aims to build up to 850. The school intends to cater for students from all backgrounds, with ‘50 per cent of places prioritised for non-Sikh students’. Plans to open the school were put forward by Slough Sikh Education Trust in 2013. Khalsa Primary School was already open in Slough, which is just across the border in Berkshire and has a large Sikh population. But the trust said there was no suitable site for the new school in Slough. There was a legal battle over the plans to open the school after people in Stoke Poges protested, saying they were worried about extra traffic and the ‘urbanisation’ of their village. A Buckinghamshire County Council spokesman said: ‘Where we can’t meet any of a parent’s preferences, then the nearest school is allocated. ‘In Mrs Jarvis’s case, Khalsa Academy is the nearest school at 1.771 miles away, although Burnham Park E-Act Academy is the catchment school where there are still places. 'The advice to parents is – accept the place at this point and then appeal for preferred schools.’ 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the mother does not want her daughter to go to the Khalsa Secondary Academy because she would be a "minority," implying that the mother is objecting to the school's religious nature. However, the article does not mention anything about the mother objecting to the school's religious affiliation. Instead, the mother is objecting to the fact that the school is too far away from her home and that her daughter would be a minority among the predominantly Sikh student body.
2. The summary also states that the mother is concerned about her daughter being "taken out and isolated" because she would not participate in the school's morning prayers. However, the article does not mention anything about morning prayers or the school's religious practices.
3. The summary implies that the mother is objecting to the school's religious affiliation and is concerned about her daughter being a minority, but the article does not support these claims. Instead, the article states that the mother is objecting to the school's location and the fact that her daughter would be a minority among the predominantly Sikh student body.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents the mother's objections and exaggerates the religious aspect of the school.

###Corrected:
