<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Florida mother is looking at her current jail time as a break from parenthood. Monique Miller, 34, appeared before a judge on Tuesday after allegedly throwing her baby from her car in North Miami Beach, Florida. When the judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she seemed only happy to oblige. 'OK, I need a break anyway,' she said. Monique Miller, 34 (right), told a judge on Tuesday that she needs a break from parenting after her arrest for throwing her baby out of a car . Miller was also ordered on Tuesday to take all of her prescribed medications . Cops allegedly tried to pull Miller over Monday afternoon during a routine traffic stop,when the mother was driving with her baby on her lap. Miller at first refused, but when she eventually complied she started yelling obscenities at officers and then tossed her baby out the window. Luckily an officer was able to catch the baby safely. It's unclear how old the baby is. Miller was arrested in the incident, in which she also kicked the cop's car door, causing the door to slam into his head. The mother faces charges of child neglect, criminal mischief and battery on a law enforcement officer. As of Wednesday, she remained in jail on $7,500 bond. In addition to being ordered to stay away from her child, Miller was also told to take prescribed medications.
</Article>

<Summary>
judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she said.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, there are several inconsistencies that can be identified:

1. The summary states that the judge ordered the mother to stay away from her child, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article states that the mother was ordered to take all of her prescribed medications, but there is no mention of a stay-away order.
2. The summary implies that the mother was happy to oblige with the judge's order, but the article does not provide any information to support this claim. In fact, the article states that the mother started yelling obscenities at officers and tossed her baby out the window, which suggests that she was not happy to comply with the judge's order.
3. The summary does not provide any information about the baby's age, but the article states that the baby was thrown out of the car window and luckily caught by an officer. This suggests that the baby was a young child, possibly an infant, which is not mentioned in the summary.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the information provided in the article. It is important to ensure that all information in a summary is supported by the original source to maintain consistency and accuracy.

###Corrected:
