<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A mother-of-three says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside. Ayesha Bhatti, 29, from Derby, found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of her family. Scroll down for video . Mother-of-three Ayesha Bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside . 'I have never seen Wotsits as small as that,' said the full-time mother, who bought the packets in the Derby branch of discount store Home Bargains on Wednesday last week. 'It's so funny. My family eats quite a lot of them and I like them because they're not oily like other crisps. 'I think these ones could possibly be the smallest in the world. What are the chances of finding so many at once? It's very unusual. 'They certainly wouldn't fill you up but I suppose they're good if you're on a diet.' The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of Ms Bhatti and her family . Ms Bhatti said she has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the minature crisps, but said she would do if she found more. 'I don't feel ripped off,' she said. 'At the end of the day they're Wotsits. I haven't spoken to Walkers about it and I didn't take them back to the shop. 'I don't feel hard done by, it's quite funny really, my kids think they're hilarious. 'But if it happened again, I would probably have a word with Walkers. Ms Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks which she bought at a discount retailer in Derby . 'I'd already seen a post on Facebook where somebody was saying they had small Wotsits so I'm not the only one.' Ms Bhatti says she and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but do not know what they are going to do with them. 'At first the kids were really excited and wanted to eat them but when we found more they said they wanted to keep them,' she said. 'I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the Wotsits now. The kids will probably go in the cupboard and eat them when my back is turned.'
</Article>

<Summary>
ayesha bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of favourite crisps.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Ayesha Bhatti was shocked to open a bag of her favorite crisps, but the article does not mention her favorite crisps. Instead, the article states that she found the world's smallest Wotsits in her multi-pack of cheesy snacks.
2. The summary does not mention the mini-Wotsits found in the multi-pack, which is a significant detail in the article.
3. The summary only mentions Ayesha Bhatti's age (29) and her reaction to finding the small Wotsits, but it does not provide any additional information about her or her experience.
4. The article provides more information about Ayesha Bhatti's family, her reaction to finding the small Wotsits, and her decision not to eat them. The summary does not include any of this information.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not provide a complete or accurate representation of the content. It only includes a few details about Ayesha Bhatti's age and her reaction to finding the small Wotsits, and it does not include any of the additional information provided in the article.

###Corrected:
