<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jordan mccormack has made enquiries about signing jordan rhodes. 

    Article: 
    Derby County have revived interest in Fulham's Ross McCormack. The Championship promotion hopefuls had made enquiries about signing Jordan Rhodes from Blackburn Rovers but the Ewood Park club's reluctance to deal has prompted fresh questions about McCormack. The Scotland international made an £11million move from Leeds in the summer but the move has backfired with Fulham falling perilously close to the relegation places in recent weeks. Fulham striker Ross McCormack battles with Bournemouth's Matt Ritchie during their clash at Craven Cottage . Fulham striker McCormack gets his shot away as Fulham take on Watford in the Championship . McCormack has been linked with a move to promotion hopefuls Derby County as Fulham stutter in the division . McCormack, 28, has still managed 12 goals in a struggling side and Derby are keen to see if Fulham will loan him with a view to a permanent deal should they go up. Fulham's form is poor with just three wins this year and they are unlikely to want to lose one of their best forwards. They have an eight point cushion between themselves and Wigan and plan a re-structure in the summer should they survive. Second-placed Derby face promotion rivals Norwich on Saturday. Jordan Rhodes (centre) was on the subs' bench for the duration of Blackburn's FA Cup match with Liverpool . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Jordan McCormack has made enquiries about signing Jordan Rhodes, but the article does not mention anything about Jordan McCormack.

2. The article only mentions Ross McCormack, who is a Fulham striker, and his potential move to Derby County. There is no mention of Jordan Rhodes or any other player named Jordan.

3. The article mentions that Fulham are struggling in the Championship and have an eight-point cushion between themselves and Wigan, but there is no mention of Jordan Rhodes being a player for Fulham.

4. The article also mentions that Derby County are interested in signing Ross McCormack, but there is no mention of them being interested in signing Jordan Rhodes.

5. Therefore, based on the information provided in the article, the summary statement that Jordan McCormack has made enquiries about signing Jordan Rhodes is not consistent with the article.

6. It is likely that the summary is incorrect or outdated, as it does not match the information provided in the article.

###Corrected:
