<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Some people say being addicted to sex isn't a real addiction. Indeed, many may welcome the constant craving by a partner with plenty of stamina. But one woman has revealed the toll her continuous urge to copulate has taken on her life and says managing her condition is a constant juggling act. Scroll down for video . One woman has anonymously confessed that she is addicted to sex and that managing her condition is a constant juggling act . In an anonymous confession to Australia's Gold Coast Bulletin the woman reveals: 'I once had sex with two guys in one night before going to meet up with the guy I was supposed to be seeing at the time. 'This all got a little messy when at one stage I was seeing three men by the same name, in the same week.' Sex addiction is described by the relationship counselling service Relate as any sexual activity that feels out of control. Yet some scientists argue there's no such thing as a clinical addiction to sex and 'sufferers' are simply making excuses for their lack of self-restraint. Russell Brand (left) has admitted to getting treatment for sex addiction and Ulrika Jonsson (right) presented a 2007 Channel 4 show called Am I A Sex Addict? in which she questioned her own romantic behaviour . The woman confesses: 'I'd meet up with men just to have sex. They wouldn't even have to take me to dinner first. You don't want to get too full before a bedroom romp, after all.' Celebrities linked to the controversial condition include Russell Brand, Michael Douglas and Tiger Woods, who are all reported to have sought professional treatment. 'It's not so bad when you're in a monogamous relationship because you always have someone to get your fix with,' the woman writes. 'You don't have to worry about catching anything because of your addiction.' She comments that if she had the time she'd sneak off to the bathrooms to alleviate her urges and says there are little 'key-ring vibrators' that can be used in an emergency. She also mentions the guilt and shame she feels and how men are meant to be the ones obsessed with sex rather than women. Michael Douglas was widely reported to have a sex addiction when he was admitted to rehab in 1990. The Hollywood actor finally admitted the claims in his 2012 biography. American actor David Duchovny admitted to having a sex addiction and checked into rehab for treatment in August 2008. Tiger Woods reportedly checked into a clinic for sex addiction treatment following the breakdown of his marriage in 2009. In his memoir My Booky Wook Russell Brand admitted to suffering from an addiction to heroin and sex, and booked into rehab to treat his addiction to ‘carnal overindulgences’. In her 2007 confessional documentary for Channel 4 entitled Am I A Sex Addict? Ulrika Jonsson questioned her own sexual behaviour and what makes a sex addict.
</Article>

<Summary>
admitted to getting treatment for sex addiction and jonsson jonsson.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's why the provided summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary mentions "Ulrika Jonsson" twice, but the article only mentions her once, in the context of her presenting a documentary about sex addiction. There is no second mention of her in the article.
2. The summary states that Russell Brand "admitted to getting treatment for sex addiction," but the article does not mention anything about Brand seeking treatment for sex addiction. While the article does mention that he has admitted to having an addiction to heroin and "carnal overindulgences," it does not specifically mention sex addiction.
3. The summary implies that the woman who confessed to being addicted to sex in the article is also named Ulrika Jonsson, but this is not the case. The woman is only referred to as "the woman" in the article, and her name is not mentioned.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, and it mixes up the names of the people mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
