<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    spirit airlines has a new fare deal with sex. 

    Article: 
    (CNN)Spirit Airlines has a new fare deal and is announcing it with sex jokes. The low-cost carrier just acquired its 69th plane and is celebrating with $69 round-trip fares in April and May that include taxes and fees -- although additional baggage charges may apply. Round-trip purchase is not required, so you could actually pay $34.50 for a one-way flight. But the airline is getting more attention for its cheeky ad copy, which obliquely references a sexual act. "We've been waiting to hit 69 planes for years," reads the offer on Spirit's website. "It's our favorite number -- ever since we were twelve and found that magazine under our brother's bed (the one with the fantastic articles). Use your mouth to spread the word: Spirit is in an even better position to get you where you're going." Some observers say the promotion is sophomoric and has crossed the limits of good taste. "You can't object to that price point, but you certainly can object to the discount airline's marketing strategy, which is so juvenile it led us to wonder if Spirit's website was hacked," wrote Aaron Rupar of KMSP in Minneapolis. Spirit spokesman Paul Berry, in a prepared statement, said the promotion reflects the airline's quirky culture. "Spirit isn't your typical airline and we don't want to be. We enjoy being different than other airlines," said Berry, Spirit's director of corporate communications. "When it comes to advertising, different means we don't spend a lot of money on advertising -- because that just increases fares.  But we're also different because our ads are fun, provocative, sometimes silly and often irreverent. They get lots of attention," he added. "The vast majority of our customers find these types of ads humorous and accept them for what they are. We understand there is a small group of people who feel differently." The $69 fares must be booked by the end of the day Tuesday. Questionable taste or not, the promotion may be working: People were complaining on Twitter that they couldn't access Spirit's website to book flights. Based in Florida, Spirit Airlines is famous for charging fees for almost everything it possibly can. The airline's defense is simple: Pay for what you want on your flight, and don't pay for what you don't want. Airline plans $15 flights to Europe . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you with that! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary mentions "Spirit Airlines has a new fare deal with sex," but the article does not mention anything about a fare deal related to sex. Instead, the article talks about the airline's new fare deal with $69 round-trip fares and cheeky ad copy that references a sexual act.
2. The summary implies that the airline is offering a new fare deal because it has acquired its 69th plane, but the article does not mention this as the reason for the fare deal. Instead, the article states that the airline is celebrating the acquisition of its 69th plane with the fare deal.
3. The summary mentions "Spirit Airlines has a new fare deal and is announcing it with sex jokes," but the article does not mention anything about the airline announcing the fare deal with sex jokes. Instead, the article states that the airline is using cheeky ad copy to promote the fare deal.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates and misrepresents the information in the article. The summary implies that the airline is offering a new fare deal related to sex, which is not accurate. Additionally, the summary misstates the reason for the fare deal and the nature of the airline's promotion.

###Corrected:
