<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    andy murray has insisted it was all a joke in glasgow. 

    Article: 
    The British tennis player left red-faced when Andy Murray claimed he had a 'little girlfriend in Glasgow' - as well as his long-term partner in London - has insisted it was all a joke. Dominic Inglot covered his face with his hands as Murray's relationship claims 'landed him in it' on live TV after Great Britain beat the United States in the Davis Cup yesterday. Inglot returned home today insisting the whole episode was a wind-up by Murray and he has now explained it to his 'understanding' girlfriend. Tennis player Dominic Inglot returned home today after he was left embarrassed when Andy Murray claimed he had a girlfriend in Glasgow, a joke Inglot later had to explain to his girlfriend in London . Speaking outside his home in Chiswick, west London, he told how the shock hit him as Murray made the joke to Eurosport presenter Annabel Croft. The 29-year-old told MailOnline: 'It's just a bit of banter that went wrong. Andy thought he was going to have a laugh and put me in the spotlight but he didn't realise I had just started a relationship. 'We thought there was a girl that might have the hots for me and boys like to take things out of hand, but there's nothing to it whatsoever. 'But I was like "oh my god, now my girlfriend's going to think I've actually done something". 'But I called her up and said what had happened and within two minutes we were laughing about it. 'I explained that Andy likes messing with his team and that's what makes this team really close together. 'Me and Andy were on the aeroplane last night and he said "Oh my god I'm so sorry, everything's going to be blown out of proportion". 'But I said "listen it's okay my girlfriend's completely understanding she knows what banter is like with the boys". It's all a bit of a laugh she understands and we can all laugh about it now.' Murray, far left, with Annabel Croft, his brother Jamie, centre, and a mortified Dominic Inglot after the former Wimbledon champion told the TV reporter he had a 'little girlfriend in Glasgow' Murray was left laughing after he realised he had dropped his team-mate in it with his London girlfriend . Inglot said he first met his girlfriend, who does not live with him and he does not want to name, in September last year. On TV yesterday, Murray claimed his team-mate has a 'little girlfriend on the go here in Glasgow' so would happily stay on in Scotland after the tennis. But Murray didn't realise Inglot already has a girlfriend of six months at home in London. When asked for the name of the lady in question, a mortified Inglot replied: 'You've actually landed me in this. Because I actually have a girlfriend that's going to be watching this.' Murray was left in hysterics as the team sheepishly shuffled away from the disastrous interview. Inglot did not go out celebrating last night in Glasgow but flew straight back to London with team mates as he is due to fly out to play in America tomorrow. Great Britain yesterday celebrated a 3-1 victory over the USA to reach the quarter finals of the Davis Cup. Dominic Inglot appeared eager to set the record straight on Twitter following Murray's joke . Great Britain yesterday celebrated a 3-2 victory over the US to reach the quarter finals of the Davis Cup . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Andy Murray claimed he had a "little girlfriend in Glasgow," but the article does not mention anything about a girlfriend in Glasgow.
2. The summary implies that Dominic Inglot was left embarrassed by Murray's joke, but the article states that Inglot was not embarrassed and was able to laugh about the situation with his girlfriend.
3. The summary mentions that Inglot has a girlfriend in London, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary states that Inglot was left red-faced, but the article does not use this language to describe his reaction.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the situation and adds details that are not present in the article.

###Corrected:
