<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Second-tier French club Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season after its former president was found guilty of trying to fix matches. After interviewing about 50 officials, players and coaches, the French league disciplinary commission says Jean-Marc Conrad tried to fix four matches as his club fought off relegation last season. He was banned from football-related activities for seven years. Seven games involving Nimes were investigated after Conrad was arrested last November. Nimes' former club president Jean-Marc Conrad was arrested for his involvement in match-fixing last year . The investigation followed a 1-1 draw against Caen last May that kept Nimes in the second division and saw Caen promoted to the top flight. Preliminary charges of corruption have been filed against Caen president Jean-Francois Fortin and Conrad, who has stepped down in the aftermath of the scandal. Nimes can appeal the sanction. The Ligue 2 side will be relegated at the end of the season following the match-fixing scandal . Monaco forward Valere Germain (centre) vies with Nimes players Larry Azouni (right) and Anthony Marin (left)
</Article>

<Summary>
seven games involving nimes were arrested last november.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "seven games involving Nimes were arrested last November." This is incorrect. The article states that Jean-Marc Conrad, the former president of Nimes, was arrested last November, not the team itself.
2. The word "arrested" is also incorrect. The article states that Conrad was "banned from football-related activities for seven years" and that "preliminary charges of corruption have been filed against Caen president Jean-Francois Fortin and Conrad." It does not mention that Conrad was arrested.
3. The summary does not mention the reason for the sanction against Nimes, which is that Conrad tried to fix four matches as his club fought off relegation last season.
4. The summary does not mention the investigation that followed the 1-1 draw against Caen last May, which is a significant detail in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, and the reasons for the inconsistency are:

* Incorrect information about the arrest of Nimes
* Incorrect information about the nature of the sanction against Nimes
* Failure to mention the reason for the sanction
* Failure to mention a significant detail in the article.

###Corrected:
