<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The home which was built for former Australian prime minister Malcolm Fraser and his wife Tamie has been opened for inspection just a day after his sudden passing. The stylish four-bedroom property in Canberra, known as JM Fraser House, is up for sale for about $2million. It has been on the market since last year but Berkely Residential real estate agent Bill Lyristakis told Daily Mail Australia he has hopes that it will sell today. The home which was built for former Australian prime minister Malcolm Fraser and his wife Tamie was open for inspection, just a day after his sudden passing . The stylish four-bedroom property in Canberra, known as JM Fraser House, is up for sale for about $2million . It has been on the market since October last year but Berkely Residential real estate agent Bill Lyristakis says he has hopes that it will sell today . The spacious 1341sqm property is located minutes away from the Parliamentary triangle . Mr Fraser is pictured here earlier this year with his wife Tamie Fraser. The pair had four children . The spacious 1341sqm property is located minutes away from the Parliamentary triangle and described as a 'sensational slice of Canberra's political history' by agents. The residence on Daly Street, Deakin was listed in October last year for around $2million, Mr Lyristakis said. The property was built three years after the Frasers married, The Sydney Morning Herald reports. Mr Fraser was reportedly a backbencher when he moved into the house. The property was last sold 20 years ago to vendors Tony and Sue Marinos who are the third owners of the home, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The design of the residence, by Melbourne Society Architect Guilford Bell, combines Georgian architecture with American plantation style. The residence on Daly Street, Deakin was listed in October last year . The property was last sold 20 years ago to vendors Tony and Sue Marinos who are the third owners of the home . The design of the residence is by Melbourne Society Architect Guilford Bell . The property combines Georgian architecture with American plantation style . The house has been described as a 'sensational slice of Canberra's political history' by agents . The property was reportedly built three years after the Frasers married . Malcolm Fraser was prime minister from November 1975 until March 1983 . The former prime minister died 'peacefully' aged 84 on Friday morning . Mr Fraser was the 22nd Prime Minister of Australia between 1975 and 1983. The former prime minister died 'peacefully' aged 84 on Friday morning. 'It is with deep sadness that we inform you that after a brief illness John Malcolm Fraser died peacefully in the early hours of the morning of 20 March 2015,' a statement from Mr Fraser's office said yesterday. 'We appreciate that this will be a shock to all who knew and loved him, but ask that the family be left in peace at this difficult time.'
</Article>

<Summary>
the home was built for inspection, just a day after his sudden passing.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the home was built for inspection, just a day after his sudden passing. However, the article states that the home was built three years after the Frasers married, and Mr. Fraser was a backbencher when he moved into the house.

2. The summary implies that the home was built specifically for Mr. Fraser, but the article does not support this claim. The article states that the home was built by Melbourne Society Architect Guilford Bell, but it does not mention Mr. Fraser's involvement in the design or construction of the home.

3. The summary mentions that the home is open for inspection, but the article does not mention this. The article only states that the property has been on the market since October last year and that the real estate agent hopes it will sell today.

In conclusion, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and exaggerations. The summary implies that the home was built specifically for Mr. Fraser and that it is open for inspection, but the article does not support these claims.

###Corrected:
