<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    he was also ordered to pay $ 167 million in damages and fines. 

    Article: 
    A former CEO dubbed 'Piggy' for his life of excess which ended up putting him behind bars when he plundered his company for $150 million, has spoken about the joys of his now simpler life. Leo Dennis Kozlowski, 68, lives in a small, rented apartment in midtown Manhattan with his third wife, Kimberly, 48, whom he met while he was spending time at Mid-State Correctional Facility in upstate New York. Kozlowski was jailed in 2005 for taking unauthorized bonuses, conspiracy and other charges. He was also ordered to pay $167 million in restitution and fines. Former chief executive of Tyco International Dennis Kozlowski and second wife Karen leave New York State Supreme Court in June 2005 soon after he was found guilty of stealing $150 million . Kozlowski, poses with two women in toga costumes in a frame taken from an amateur video tape of the lavish $2.1 million, week-long  party for his second wife Karen's 40th birthday . Last month, he completed his parole after spending three years on work-release. He spent almost seven years behind bars for his white-collar crimes although he faced up to 25 years. During his time in jail, he was separated from other prisoners due to his 'high-profile' status. Although he knows that he did wrong, Kozlowski admitted to The New York Times in a recent interview that he feels plenty more on Wall Street did not pay the price. Kozlowski's fall from grace - known as 'deal-a-day' Dennis, he turned Massachusetts-based Tyco from a small firm into a $150billion force  - was a gripping case of schadenfreude for the tabloids because of the gaudy life of excess he had led. In the early 2000s, The New York Post published a picture of him under the headline 'Oink Oink' after revelations emerged of his $6,000 gold-and-burgundy shower curtain in his lavish, $30million 5th Avenue apartment paid for by Tyco. But as he told The New York Times this week: 'I was piggy. But I’m not that person anymore.' Kozlowski's princely lifestyle was legendary - he owned a multi-million-dollar art collection and had an oceanfront estate in Nantucket and a mansion tucked in an exclusive gated community in Boca Raton, Florida. Tyco also paid half of the $2million cost of Kozlowski's second wife, Karen's 40th birthday party in 2001. Held on the island of Sardinia, the bash had a 'Roman orgy' theme and featured an ice sculpture of Michelangelo's David urinating Stolichnaya vodka.  Jimmy Buffet was flown in to perform. Karen Mayo (second left)  poses with a friend and two men in gladiator costumes at her $2million birthday bash - half of which was paid for by Tyco . The Tyco CEO once had a home in this exclusive gated community in Boca Raton, Florida. He also owned a home in Nantucket and on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . The businessman also owned a 130-foot yacht, Endeavor, which he would sail around the world to compete in regattas. Life now, couldn't be more different. Mr Kozlowski's time behind bars has given him perspective on simple pleasures. He loves spending time with his grandchildren, enjoys subway rides, eating avocados - and even trips to the dentist. He also paid tribute to his third wife Kimberly Fusaro - a divorced Wall Street trader whom he met behind bars after she began writing to him. She began visiting him in 2009 and sending fresh fruit and vegetables from the garden of her Long Island cottage. He proposed to her with a $300 Cubic zirconium ring and they got married last year. He also got a job as part of his parole requirement. He borrowed an office from a friend in Midtown and consults on low-profile mergers and acquisitions. He would not discuss his finances with The Times but claimed to have 'no real estate' and a hold a 'minuscule percentage' of the New York Yankees. Fortunately for its  employees, Tyco is still standing, making security systems and employing around 57,000 people. Kozlowski also once owned the yacht Endeavour, pictured while competing in the Americas Cup Jubilee regatta at Cowes, Isle of Wight in 2001 . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Kozlowski was ordered to pay $167 million in damages and fines, but the article does not mention this amount. In fact, the article states that Kozlowski was ordered to pay $167 million in restitution and fines, but this amount is not mentioned as a separate figure.
2. The summary mentions that Kozlowski's princely lifestyle was legendary, but the article does not provide as much detail about his lifestyle. The article does mention that he owned a multi-million-dollar art collection, had an oceanfront estate in Nantucket, and owned a mansion in an exclusive gated community in Boca Raton, Florida, but it does not go into as much detail as the summary.
3. The summary states that Kozlowski's third wife, Kimberly, is a divorced Wall Street trader whom he met behind bars, but the article does not mention this detail. The article does state that Kozlowski met his third wife, Kimberly Fusaro, while he was in jail, but it does not provide her occupation or mention that they met behind bars.
4. The summary mentions that Kozlowski has a job as part of his parole requirement, but the article does not mention this. The article does state that Kozlowski is on parole and has been working on low-profile mergers and acquisitions, but it does not specify that this is a requirement of his parole.

Overall, the summary provides more detail and sensationalizes Kozlowski's lifestyle and crimes more than the article. The article provides a more balanced and factual account of Kozlowski's life and crimes.

###Corrected:
