<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    exit polls show nicolas sarkozy's opposition party controlling up to 70 departments. francois hollande's party came to power nationally in 2012. france's ruling socialists suffered crushing defeat in regional elections last night. sarkozy's electoral alliance has won departmental elections. exit polls showed the opposition ump party under nicolas sarkozy. 

    Article: 
    France's ruling Socialists suffered a crushing defeat in regional elections last night - as three years of left-wing rule was branded a 'massive failure'. Exit polls showed Nicolas Sarkozy's opposition UMP party controlling up to 70 departments, compared to 37 for the Socialists. This meant a loss of 30 of the regional councils for Francois Hollande's party, which came to power nationally in 2012. Scroll down for video . France's ruling Socialists under Francois Hollande (pictured) suffered a crushing defeat in regional elections last night - as three years of left-wing rule was branded a 'massive failure' Even the Correze department - Mr Hollande's home turf in the south west - was won by the UMP. Former president Mr Sarkozy said: 'Tonight, the Republican right, and the centre, has won the departmental elections.' Referring to the UMP's electoral alliance with the centrist Union of Democrats and Independents (UDI), Mr Sarkozy said: 'Never in the history of the Fifth Republic has our political family won so many departments.' Mr Sarkozy said 'three years' under the most outdated Socialist party in Europe had brought the country to its knees, and the electorate had had enough. Exit polls showed the opposition UMP party under Nicolas Sarkozy (pictured) controlling up to 70 departments, compared to 37 for the Socialists . 'A new era is starting. Hope is reborn for France,' said Mr Sarkozy. 'The road will be long and hard, but change is coming and nothing can stop it.' Also highlighting the 'failure' of the Socialists, was the far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen. Although the FN was expected to win up to one department maximum, they were on course to win more than 200 seats on regional councils. Calling on Manuel Valls, the Socialist Prime Minister, 'to resign', Ms Le Pen said her anti-immigration and anti-Europe party had a huge part to play in the future of France. Manuel Valls, the Socialist Prime Minister, conceded 'incontestable' electoral defeat soon after the polls closed at 8pm. Far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen (pictured) also highlighted the 'failure' of the Socialists . Noting increased extremism in his country, Mr Valls said: 'Far-right gains in local elections are a sign of lasting change in the French political system'. The election will choose 4,108 local councillors and - crucially - shape the political landscape in the run-up to the 2017 presidential race. The vote was also a key test for Mr Sarkozy who, despite a series of corruption scandals, is convinced he can return to power in two years' time. According to the exit polls, the UMP and its centrist allies could end up with nearly twice as many seats as President Hollande's Socialists.. Yesterday represented the Socialists' third political battering in a year - they were roundly beaten in municipal and European elections last May. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Nicolas Sarkozy's opposition party controls up to 70 departments, but the article states that the UMP and its centrist allies could end up with nearly twice as many seats as President Hollande's Socialists, which is not the same as saying that Sarkozy's party controls 70 departments.
2. The summary states that Francois Hollande's party came to power nationally in 2012, which is correct. However, the article states that the Socialists suffered a crushing defeat in regional elections last night, which contradicts the idea that they came to power nationally in 2012.
3. The summary states that the UMP won departmental elections, but the article states that the UMP and its centrist allies won the departmental elections, which is not the same as saying that the UMP won alone.
4. The summary states that the Socialists lost 30 of the regional councils, but the article states that the Socialists suffered a crushing defeat and lost control of 37 departments, which is not the same as saying that they lost 30 regional councils.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the performance of Nicolas Sarkozy's party and downplays the performance of Francois Hollande's party. The article presents a more balanced view of the election results, highlighting the losses suffered by both sides.

###Corrected:
