<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    he filmed using a specially designed set-up was part of the aspergillus genus. 

    Article: 
    It is something most of us prefer not to see when we open our fridge. But photographer Nick Lariontsev has captured mould in a way that may make you look at that out-of-date bread and cheese in a different way. Using macroscopic photography techniques, he has created a strangely beautiful timelapse video that shows mould fungi as they grow and spread. Using macroscopic photography, Russian photographer Nick Lariontsev has created a captivating yet stomach-churning timelapse video that shows mould fungi as it grows and spread (grab shown) The multicellular filaments slowly spread across the Petri dish before forming mounds and ridges that look more like the alien landscape of another planet. He has also managed to capture the tiny clusters of spores on the end of stalks that give many moulds their dusty appearance. Mr Lariontsev, a photographer based in Russia who posted the video on YouTube, said it took him between two and eight days to capture each of the individual sequences in the film. Among the moulds he filmed using a specially designed set-up was part of the Aspergillus genus, which commonly forms on starchy foods and are also used to help produce sake from rice. Among the moulds in the film are the Aspergillus genus, which commonly forms on starchy foods and are also used to help produce sake from rice. The fungi Cladosporium, which usually grows on dead plant material, are also shown growing their brown and black branches, and the soil-based fungi Trichoderma . Fungi from the group of Cladosporium, which usually grows on dead plant material, are also shown growing their brown and black branches, along with the soil-based fungi Trichoderma. The fungal genus Botrytis, some of which often infect soft fruit like strawberries and grapes, and the genus Mucor, which grow on rotting vegetation, were also captured. Mr Lariontsev set up the Petri dish where he grew his mould so that it would slowly rotate - making one turn every seven days. The result is a rather stomach-churning but strangely captivating four-minute long video showing the fungi as few people will have seen it before. Professor Lynne Boddy, a fungal ecologist at Cardiff University and a member of the British Mycological Society, said: 'Most people think yuk when they see fungi as they see it rot their food and kill their plants. 'But if it wasn't for fungi we would not be here today as it shapes the world around us. 'If fungi did not rot wood and leaves in the forest, then the nutrients locked up inside them would never be freed up in the soil. 'Many fungi also form mycorrhizal relationships with the roots of plants and if it was not for them then the plants could not grow. 'Fungi are actually hugely important yet largely overlooked.' The fungi Botrytis, which often infects on soft fruit like strawberries and grapes, and the fungi Mucor, which grows on rotting vegetation, were also captured. Mr Lariontsev set up the Petri dish where he grew his mould so that it would slowly rotate - making one turn every seven days . It sounds more like the recipe  for a good pasta sauce, but scientists have created a new edible coating that extends the shelf-life of cheese from seafood, rosemary and oregano. The transparent film uses extracts from the shells of crustaceans with oregano and rosemary oils to keep cheese from drying out and help prevent the growth of fungus and bacteria. Tests have shown that the coating is as effective as anti-fungal chemicals and plastic coatings that are currently used to protect some cheeses by the dairy industry. The researchers claim that the new coating will be particularly useful for soft cheeses like ricotta but could also help prevent mature cheeses like brie and blue cheeses from spoiling. While helping to prevent the cheese from going off, it is also completely edible and so will not need to be removed like some artificial rinds that are used. Professor Chelo González, a researcher at the Institute of Food Engineering for Development of the Polytechnic University of Valencia, said: 'The most common causes of deterioration are excessive surface dehydration and the growth of micro-organisms such as fungus or yeasts. 'These produce a strange flavour or odour, a slimy texture and a significant visual alteration. 'Using a natural and edible product reduces the fungal problems and controls the weight loss during the maturing.' The researchers coated Tronchon cheese (labelled queso Tronchon recubierto) with a combination of chitosan, which is extracted from crustacean shells, and essential oils from rosemary and oregano . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the video shows mould fungi as it grows and spreads, but the article does not mention anything about the video showing the growth and spread of mould. Instead, the article describes the video as showing the fungi as few people will have seen it before.
2. The summary mentions the Aspergillus genus, but the article does not mention this specific genus. The article only mentions the fungal genus Botrytis, which often infects soft fruit like strawberries and grapes, and the genus Mucor, which grows on rotting vegetation.
3. The summary states that the video was captured using a specially designed set-up, but the article does not mention anything about a special set-up being used. Instead, the article states that Mr. Lariontsev set up the Petri dish where he grew his mould so that it would slowly rotate - making one turn every seven days.
4. The summary mentions that the video is four minutes long, but the article does not mention the length of the video.
5. The summary states that the fungi are shown growing their brown and black branches, but the article does not mention anything about the color of the fungi. Instead, the article states that the fungi form mycorrhizal relationships with the roots of plants and if it was not for them then the plants could not grow.
6. The summary mentions that the video is strangely beautiful, but the article does not mention anything about the video being beautiful or aesthetically pleasing. Instead, the article states that fungi are hugely important yet largely overlooked.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains specific details that are not mentioned in the article, and it also leaves out other important details that are mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
