<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A couple are being forced to shut their upmarket fireplace shop because of the sound of noisy swingers upstairs. Matthew and Cheryl Jewell have had enough of 'embarrassing' noises coming from the sex club above their Stovestore business in Chorley, Lancashire. Despite their attempts to drown out the sounds, they claim customers are being driven away by the noises, which start around lunchtime. Matthew and Cheryl Jewell (pictured) claim it is 'embarrassing' when customers in their shop can hear screaming from upstairs . Mrs Jewell said: 'Customers are stood here and they're screaming upstairs. I'm going red, customers are going red and they're leaving the shop. 'We've spent thousands of pounds here and we're going to have to leave. We have so many customers that return to us here.' Despite their protestations, a representative of the No 3 swingers club, which has been open for two years, claims they are doing nothing wrong. No 3 Club owner, who said she only wanted to known as Mary, said she had suggested soundproofing, and had changed a day the club opened so it did not conflict with when the Stovestore was open. She said: 'I've done everything I possibly can. I don't want them to move. I don't think they like my type of business. They knew what it was before they moved in. 'I'm very disappointed and quite upset they're moving. I'll be sorry. I don't want to interfere with anybody else's business.' Problems began for Mr and Mrs Jewell when the No 3 Club expanded its opening hours into the working day, as well as its late night and early hours opening. 'It's more frequent now, they're open from 1pm onwards,' said Mrs Jewell. 'We were changing all our days for when they were noisiest. 'We know what's going on up there, but we can't do anything about it. Nobody can help.' The club website advertises the first Wednesday of every month as 'greedy girl day' beginning at midday . The Jewell's business The Stovestore (pictured) may be forced to close due to the noises from upstairs . The couple, who have owned the shop for two years, have complained to Chorley Council, but say their only option is to leave. Mrs Jewell added: 'We've made a couple of complaints, but there's no law for sexual activities. It's two years now just wasted.' According to the No 3 Club website, daytime activities include 'greedy girl day', which takes place on the first Wednesday of every month, between noon and 10pm. The two businesses share a landlord, Frank Patterson, who said he has asked No 3 Club to take steps improve the situation. Mr Patterson said: 'The No 3 Club came into the unit five years ago, Cheryl and Matthew have been there two years. There were two other tenants before them and it wasn't a problem. 'Now the No 3 Club has extended its hours into the working day. 'I've heard the noises and it's not acceptable. I've spoken to the No 3 Club about it on numerous occasions on behalf of Cheryl and Matthew and they've made no effort to improve the situation. If anything it's got worse.' He added: 'I've written to the No 3 Club and, if and when they renew their lease, I've told them there will be a restriction on them operating during the working day.' Councillor Paul Walmsley, from Chorley Council, said: 'The council has received a complaint about the No.3 Club, but as both parties are commercial premises, we do not have the powers to enforce nuisance proceedings. 'We will, however, continue to ensure they are compliant with their licence agreement as we would do with any other premises.'
</Article>

<Summary>
jewell had enough of'em barrassing' noises coming from the sex club. they claim they are being driven away by the noises. matthew and cheryl jewell claim it is'em barrassing' when customers can hear. no 3 swingers club have been open for two years. the club opened so it did not conflict with the stovestore was open.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that the Jewells are being driven away by the noises from the sex club, but the article states that the problem is not the noise itself, but the fact that customers can hear the noises and are embarrassed by them.
2. The summary mentions that the No 3 Swingers Club has been open for two years, but the article states that the problems began when the club expanded its opening hours into the working day.
3. The summary does not mention the specific day when the noises are most frequent, while the article states that the noises are more frequent now that the club is open from 1pm onwards.
4. The summary does not mention the website of the No 3 Club, while the article states that the club advertises "greedy girl day" on its website.
5. The summary does not mention the landlord of the two businesses, Frank Patterson, or his attempts to resolve the situation, while the article provides this information.
6. The summary does not mention the council's involvement in the situation, while the article states that Chorley Council has received a complaint about the No.3 Club and that they do not have the powers to enforce nuisance proceedings.

Overall, the summary does not provide an accurate representation of the article. It omits several key details, distorts some of the information, and does not convey the nuances of the situation.

###Corrected:
