<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    brittney ross brewer, from windham, maine, feared she wouldn't make it till her february february. she was being treated for her aggressive small cervical cancer nine months after her diagnosis. the couple also decided to keep their original wedding date in hopes to celebrate with her family and friends one last time. brittney brewer, 28, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. she was diagnosed with cancer and given a thirty per cent chance of survival. 

    Article: 
    A 28-year-old woman who was diagnosed with cancer and given a thirty per cent chance of survival has died just days after her marrying her ‘best friend’. Brittney Ross Brewer, from Windham, Maine, feared she wouldn't make it till her February 27 nuptials, so she officially married Jared Brewer, 31, on Valentine's Day in the chapel at the Maine Medical Center where she was being treated for her aggressive small cell cervical cancer nine months after her diagnosis. But the newlyweds also decided to keep their original wedding date in hopes that Brittney would be able to celebrate with her family and friends one last time - and she did. True love: Brittney Ross Brewer, 28, from Windham, Maine, celebrated her wedding to Jared Brewer, 31, during their reception last Friday - nearly a year after she was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer . Perfect pair: Brittney and Jared shared a kiss at their celebration. Only days later the beautiful bride died surrounded by her loved ones . But just two days after their reception, Brittney died surrounded by her loved ones who had gathered to watch her wedding video with her. 'She still wanted to have a big party to celebrate life and see everybody for probably the last time, unfortunately,' Jared told People of their wedding, which was attended by nearly 200 guests. A photographer captured the couple's entire celebration, including their tender kisses and the moments Brittney spent with her family as she got ready. For her special day, Brittney wore a white gown and cowboy boots, while her bridesmaids surprised her by performing a line dance they had learned. Jared's sister Janessa Brewer shared the sad news of Brittney's passing on Facebook yesterday. Family ties: Janessa Brewer gave her brother and her new sister-in-law a loving look at the reception . Full of fight: The couple officially married on February 14, but kept their original wedding date in hopes that Brittney would be able to celebrate with the nearly 200 guests she had invited to their party . Bittersweet: Jared helped Brittney cut their cake during their wedding celebration . Tender moment: Jared wrapped his arms around his new wife, who wore a white lace dress and cowboy boots to their reception . 'While Brittney may not have won her battle with cancer, she will live on forever within our hearts!' she wrote. 'Jared was able to give her the wedding of her dreams and she enjoyed every minute of it! Brittney was a living, breathing angel... who now has her wings!' Brittney and Jared, who met while working for the Corrections Department in Portland, started dating in April 2012. Jared proposed to her on June 28, 2014, a month after she was diagnosed with cancer. 'The cancer only opened our eyes to how short life can be and how we shouldn’t waste any moments,' Brittney wrote on her blog. 'So we decided not to.' Beautiful bride: Brittney posed for the camera after she checked her makeup before her wedding . Special day: Brittney smiled with her relatives before her wedding celebration last Friday . Unforgettable memories: Brittney shared an emotional moment with one of her relatives who held her hand while she laid on the couch . Surrounded by love: Brittney smiled as her friends and family posed in front of her . She continued: 'He pulled out the most perfect and beautiful ring, asked me to marry him, and I said: "Yes."' They planned on getting married this August in hopes that she would be in remission, but after learning that her cancer had spread to her liver, they brought their wedding date forward to February. Friends and family donated their time and money to assure Brittney and Jared would have as much time together as they could. Even members of the local police and fire departments offered her their sick time so that Brittney could continue to get paid for another year-and-a-half, while one of Jared's co-worker sold t-shirts to help raise them money. Saying I do: Brittney and Jared kissed during their official ceremony on Valentine's Day in the chapel at the Maine Medical Center where she was being treated . Normal couple: Brittney and Jared, who started dating in April 2012, enjoyed a night out together after their engagement . Happy times: Brittney shared this selfie on her Facebook page a month before she was diagnosed with cancer . Janessa even created a GoFundMe page to pay for Brittney's medical expenses, which has reached $7,000 of her $10,000 goal. And people continue to donate to the page following the news of her death. After her February 14 wedding ceremony, Brittney shared her gratitude for her family and friends on her blog. 'It’s been such a true blessing these past few days to see my friends and family coming together this past week for me...' she wrote. 'Making sure I got to marry my best friend and spend time with everyone I can.' 'Makes a girl appreciate how truly loved she is,' she added. Unfortunately not everyone wins their battle with cancer... Brittney put up one hell of a fight but this disease was aggressive and rare. The doctors were nothing but exceptional when it came to fighting back... They did everything in their power to stop the progression of her cancer... But God wanted her in the worst way. The disease overpowered her body to the point of fatality. 10 months is all the time the cancer allowed her to have.. These 10 months have had their share of ups and downs but Brittney never let anyone see her pain. She was always the most upbeat and positive person. While Brittney may not have won her battle with cancer, she will live on forever within our hearts! Jared was able to give her the wedding of her dreams and she enjoyed every minute of it! Brittney was a living, breathing angel... who now has her wings! We love you sweet girl! Rest in peace dear sister, you have taught me so much about life, I cannot express the gratitude I have towards you, you will never be forgotten! Always and forever in our hearts... - J . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the reasons why the given summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps and explanations:

1. The summary states that Brittney Ross Brewer died days after her wedding, but the article states that she died nearly a year after her diagnosis.

Inconsistency: The summary states that Brittney died shortly after her wedding, while the article states that she died nearly a year after her diagnosis.

2. The summary does not mention that Brittney and Jared kept their original wedding date in hopes that she would be able to celebrate with her family and friends one last time.

Inconsistency: The summary does not include the detail that Brittney and Jared kept their original wedding date in hopes that she would be able to celebrate with her family and friends one last time, which is mentioned in the article.

3. The summary states that Brittney was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer, but the article states that she was diagnosed with small cell cervical cancer.

Inconsistency: The summary states that Brittney was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer, while the article states that she was diagnosed with small cell cervical cancer.

4. The summary does not mention that Brittney's cancer had spread to her liver, which is mentioned in the article.

Inconsistency: The summary does not include the detail that Brittney's cancer had spread to her liver, which is mentioned in the article.

5. The summary states that Brittney and Jared were able to have a big party to celebrate life and see everybody for probably the last time, but the article states that they had to bring their wedding date forward to February due to Brittney's cancer.

Inconsistency: The summary states that Brittney and Jared were able to have a big party to celebrate life, but the article states that they had to bring their wedding date forward to February due to Brittney's cancer.

6. The summary does not mention that Brittney's friends and family donated their time and money to assure Brittney and Jared would have as much time together as they could.

Inconsistency: The summary does not include the detail

###Corrected:
