<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
John Carver knows only too well that a Tyne-Wear derby can make or break a manager. His first in the dugout was as assistant to Ruud Gullit in August, 1999, when on a sodden night at St James' Park the Dutchman left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat. Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season and knows what impact a victory – or a loss – could have on Sunday afternoon. John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland on Sunday Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer in 1999 Carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 His memories of Gullit's downfall remind him of such consequences. 'We were at the old training ground at Durham Cricket Club and I was in the room with Steve Clarke and Ruud,' recalls Carver. 'All of a sudden, he started talking about what the team was going to be against Sunderland. I said, 'Sorry Ruud, what did you say there?'. 'He said he was going to leave out Alan and Duncan. I said, 'Do you know how important this game is?'. 'He said, 'I have played in some massive derbies. I've played in them in Holland and London and I played in the Milan derby too'. 'I said, 'Yeah, but you haven't played in one like this Ruud'. 'And then we just walked out of the room. He seemed set on the fact that was what he was going to do. 'I talked about it being a motivation for the opposition seeing Alan and Duncan on the bench. But he had no concerns whatsoever. 'I actually thought, 'If we don't win it, he's gone'. I said to Steve, 'Is he writing his resignation before the game?'. Gullit's selection gambit did not pay off and Newcastle ended up losing 2-1 to Sunderland at St James' Park 'We actually went 1-0 up but they turned it around and then the heavens opened. It was a dreadful night.' The following morning Shearer went to see Gullit, only Ferguson had beaten him to it, knocking the door off the hinges, legend has it. By the end of the week he had quit. Carver was also by Alan Pardew's side during the last four derby defeats, a factor the former manager admits did him little favours with the Toon Army. In that respect, Carver knows how much a positive result could aid his chances of landing the job on a permanent basis. 'In the eyes of the fans, if you win a derby game, it's massive,' he said. 'I'm not saying everything else is forgotten, but it certainly helps your case. If I come off and it's not been a football match but we win 1-0, I'll be delighted with that. 'We had a good football match last weekend (2-1 defeat at home to Arsenal) and got nothing for it. At the end of the day, it's all about getting the win.' Carver was also assistant manager to Alan Pardew, who lost four successive games against Sunderland
</Article>

<Claim>
john carver was assistant to ruud gullit when he left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson . gullit controversially decided not to start star players duncan ferguson and alan shearer in 1999 . carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when Gullit left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson in a Tyne-Wear derby in 1999.
2. The claim that Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer in 1999 is expressed in the article.

Here are the sentences from the article that express the claim:

1. "Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer in 1999."
2. "Carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999."

Therefore, the answer is:

1. and 2.

###Corrected:
