<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Wanted: Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography Police in Maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor who has been charged with possessing child pornography. The Montgomery County Police Department said Friday that Alexander Soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts. Soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say the Georgian national fled the country. An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio where he was co-owner and instructor. Officials say the videos were taken before October 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges. According to Montgomery County police, the 26-year-old, a native of Tbilisi, Georgia, fled the US after confessing to the crimes. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of the Bethesda resident. According to a press release put out by the Montgomery County police Friday, in December 2014, the agency was tipped off by colleagues in South Dakota that a Maryland resident was uploading child pornography. Vile acts: Police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher (far right) molesting boys at the On The Mat Sports International in Chevy Chase, formerly known as DC Martial Arts Fugitive: The Tbilisi, Georgia, native admitted to trading child pornography videos earlier this month. Two days after his interview with police, he fled, possibly returning to his native country Armed with court orders, detectives in Maryland were able to obtain subscription information corresponding to the suspect, which led them to Soumbadze. On April 1, 2015, police executed a search warrant at Soumbadze’s home in Bethesda, seizing several electronic devices that yielded eight pornographic videos featuring children. Other recordings recovered by police allegedly showed the suspect molesting boys at his karate studio on Wisconsin Avenue in Chevy Chase. Soumbadze has been affiliated with the On The Mat Sports International karate studio, formerly known as DC Martial Arts, since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student. During an interview with police, the 26-year-old sensei admitted to trading and receiving child porn. Close ties: Soumbadze has been affiliated with karate studio (pictured) since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student Two days after Soumbadze was questioned by police, he fled the country, possibly returning to his native Georgia. Police spokeswoman Rebecca Innocenti told Bethesda Magazine that Georgia has an extradition treaty with the US, but their goal now is to complete the investigation and identify the victims in the videos before setting the diplomatic process in motion. In a profile of the On the Mat studio in February, Soumbadze told BethesdaNow.com that his parents, both Georgian diplomats, brought him to the US when he was 5 years old. He graduated from Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School in 2006.
</Article>

<Claim>
alexander soumbadze , 26 , has been charged with eight counts of child pornography . police in maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of soumbadze , a native of georgia , who fled the us after confessing to the crimes . soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography , after which police say the georgia national fled the country .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
2. The article states that police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of Soumbadze, a native of Georgia, who fled the US after confessing to the crimes.
3. The article states that Soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say the Georgia national fled the country.

###Corrected:
