<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Every year a trend comes around that strikes fear into the hearts of women. Whether it is Crocs, hotpants or UGG boots, everyone has their Achilles heel and this summer many will be concerned about the arrival of the septum piercing. In recent months, a whole host of stars have been wearing the body jewellery, including FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga. FKA Twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes - the boys would be given the nose ring when they became a man, the Shawnee leaders Tecumseh and Tenskwatawa both had them. In certain warrior tribes, it was used in a similar way to war paint - to look terrifying in front of opponents. In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose, which they believed made them look more attractive. Lady Gaga (left) and Lourdes Leon (right) have both adopted the trend It girl Pixie Geldof wears a simple silver septum ring Rihanna wears an outlandish septum ring and offsets the look with a 90s bucket hat In India, and Bangladesh septum piercings are still very popular with women - many Bengali women wear it to show they are married, although this practice is being increasingly replaced with a nose stud. In Nepal, it is often used as a status symbol. The septum ring, which is also known as the 'bull-ring piercing,' is also used as a way of controlling and handling bulls. But in the UK, America and Australia, it is mainly used as a fashion trend and to create a hippy or rebellious look. Australian actress Samara Weaving (left) offset her silver septum ring with red heart-shaped glasses, while Zoe Kravitz (right) adopted a tiny ring Jordin Sparks showed off a new septum piercing after breaking up with her ex Jason Derulo
</Article>

<Claim>
bangladesh septum piercings are still very popular with women - many bengali women wear it to show they are married , although this practice is being replaced with a nose stud . the septum ring is also known as the 'bull-ring piercing , ' is also used as a way of controlling and handling bulls .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that in Bangladesh, septum piercings are still very popular with women and are often worn to show that they are married.

Source: "In Bangladesh, septum piercings are still very popular with women - many Bengali women wear it to show they are married, although this practice is being increasingly replaced with a nose stud."

2. The article also mentions that the septum ring is known as the "bull-ring piercing" and is used as a way of controlling and handling bulls.

Source: "The septum ring, which is also known as the 'bull-ring piercing,' is also used as a way of controlling and handling bulls."

###Corrected:
