<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip. The 44-year-old from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday. Police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. Great Manchester Police Chadderton division revealed a man lodged a complaint that the weather on his holiday was 'too hot' The incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page, along with a warning that members of the public should not waste police time. There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine. A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police told MailOnline Travel: 'The male was advised that this was not a police problem.' Following the post being shared on Facebook, there were mixed reactions to the man's actions. Janine Gamblen wrote: 'Some people really are just stupid,' while Sarah Edwards added: 'Only in Oldham.' The 44-year-old man had recently returned to the UK from a holiday in Algeria (file photo) 'The mind boggles,' commented Tracy Ayre while Suzi Force believes the man should have been punished, saying: 'Give him a holiday in a cell, maybe he will think twice next time!' However, Joanne Parker made light of the incident writing: 'Haha funny...would love to have seen the police face.' The current temperatures in Algeria is 28C, and this has remained fairly constant over the last week or two. Temperatures are set to peak at 25C over the next three days in England, however the north will see slightly lower temperatures than the south. It's not known if the Oldham man travelled to the Sahara Desert in Algeria, where he would undoubtedly have been 'hot'
</Article>

<Claim>
the 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in algeria . he went to great manchester police chadderton to complain about the weather . police tweeted a warning about wasting time after the incident . there were mixed reactions to the man 's actions on facebook .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that the 44-year-old man from Oldham went to the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division to complain about the weather during his holiday in Algeria.
2. The claim that the man complained about the weather is expressed in the following sentence: "The 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in Algeria and wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday."
3. The claim that the police tweeted a warning about wasting time after the incident is expressed in the following sentence: "Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip."

###Corrected:
