<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the collection , created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker , will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29
some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time 

    Article: 
    fans of blockbusters like men in black , batman forever and how the grinch stole christmas will have a chance to own a piece of hollywood history when an amazing collection of props and puppets goes under the hammer at the end of may .
the collection , which was created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker , will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29 .
the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .
alien edgar bug from men in black has an estimated value of $ 40,000 and could end up selling for much more
the two face mask from batman forever is valued at , $ 1,500 .
actor tommy lee jones played the villain
the grinch costume from the jim carrey film how the grinch stole christmas is listed at $ 8,000
this mikey costume from men in black has an estimated value of $ 30,000 and is one of the pricier lots
this odd-looking hammerhead alien , which is also from men in black , was listed at $ 8,000 by prop store
the 417 original items are from more than 50 productions , according to icon versus icon .
during baker 's 30-year career , the 64-year-old worked on other films like an american werewolf in london , planet of the apes , batman & robin , hellboy and mighty joe young .
items from those movies , as well as from michael jackson 's 1988 moonwalker film and 1983 thriller music video , will all be sold to the highest bidder .
the iconic harry suit from harry and the hendersons is valued at $ 6,000 but will likely sell for more than that
this bat gremlin from gremlins 2 : the new batch has a value of $ 8,000 and is one of a few gremlins items
the mohawk mogwai puppet from gremlins 2 : the new batch is listed at $ 8,000 .
remember , do n't get it wet
this frozen thug statue from batman & robin is named frosty and it has an estimated value of $ 4,000
this bat puppet from batman forever is listed at $ 6,000 and it comes with the message : the evil setrakian '
brandon alinger of prop store said : ' " we are delighted to offer a no reserve live auction of over 400 items direct from rick baker 's cinovation studio to the public .
` baker 's career needs no introduction and it 's been an honor to work with him to prepare this sale , which spans his 30-plus years in the business .
` the rick baker auction is an exciting opportunity for collectors and fans of the make-up artist to have a chance to take home some of the brilliant creations from their favorite films . " '
the worm guy from men in black ii has been valued at $ 10,000 and is one of a handful of mib items
this michael jackson robotic transformation face is from the film moonwalker and it has a value of $ 3,000
the hero joe head from mighty joe young has a value of $ 6,000 .
baker also worked on planet of the apes .
this daffy gremlin puppet from gremlins 2 is valued at $ 6,000 and is one of more than 400 of baker 's items 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary and the article. Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the collection will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29. However, the article does not mention the location of the auction.

Inconsistency: The summary mentions the location of the auction, but the article does not.

2. The summary states that some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time. However, the article does not mention the estimated values of the items.

Inconsistency: The summary provides estimated values for the items, but the article does not.

3. The summary mentions that the collection is worth an estimated $746,100, but the article does not mention the total value of the collection.

Inconsistency: The summary provides the total value of the collection, but the article does not.

4. The summary mentions that the Alien Edgar Bug from Men in Black has an estimated value of $40,000 and could end up selling for much more, but the article does not mention the value of this item.

Inconsistency: The summary provides the estimated value of the Alien Edgar Bug, but the article does not.

5. The summary mentions that the two-face mask from Batman Forever is valued at $1,500, but the article does not mention the value of this item.

Inconsistency: The summary provides the value of the two-face mask, but the article does not.

6. The summary mentions that the Grinch costume from the Jim Carrey film How the Grinch Stole Christmas is listed at $8,000, but the article does not mention the value of this item.

Inconsistency: The summary provides the value of the Grinch costume, but the article does not.

7. The summary mentions that the Mikey costume from Men in Black has an estimated value of $30,000 and is one of the pricier lots, but the article does not mention the value of this item.

Inconsistency

###Corrected:
