<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay
louis van gaal is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer
depay worked under van gaal during holland 's successful 2014 world cup campaign
the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season
click here for all the latest manchester united news 

    Article: 
    manchester united have ramped up their efforts to sign psv eindhoven star memphis depay by making an official approach for the 21-year-old .
the eredivisie champions have confirmed that the red devils have made a move over the holland international - with united manager louis van gaal keen to make him one of his first signings this summer .
van gaal is already familiar with the qualities of depay having named him in his 23-man world cup squad last year as holland finished third in brazil .
video scroll down to see depay 's stunning free kick against heerenveen
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay ( right ) , says psv 's technical director
united boss louis van gaal ( right ) is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer
depay ( right ) worked under van gaal during holland 's successful 2014 world cup campaign
depay ( right ) was often used from the substitutes bench by van gaal as holland finished third in brazil
premier league rivals tottenham were keen on signing depay last summer but saw their £ 15million offer rebuffed by psv .
and now it appears united are in pole position to land the signature of the dutch giants ' no 7 - despite competition from some of europe 's biggest club 's including paris-saint germain .
` that was last summer .
now depay is worth more than that , ' psv technical director marcel brands said of tottenham 's bid nearly 12 months ago .
` it 's true there has been contact with manchester united and paris saint-germain and a third , big european club .
` but this time we are talking about bigger amounts of money . '
depay is enjoying a prolific season at the philips stadion where he has scored an emphatic 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .
the 21-year-old ( left ) has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season
the 21-year-old took his tally to 20 on saturday psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship on saturday for the first time in seven seasons .
the dutch league 's leading scorer doubled the hosts ' lead midway through the first half with a stunning free kick after luuk de jong headed them ahead early on .
heerenveen midfielder joey van den berg pulled a goal back for his side before de jong restored the two-goal advantage just before half-time and luciano narsingh added a fourth late on .
it is a 22nd league championship for psv , who are second only to ajax ( 33 titles ) in holland .
psv eindhoven won there first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday
depay ( right ) celebrates the dutch giants ' success with manager phillip cocu after the match
born in 1994 , depay started out at hometown club vv moordrecht - a dutch amateur side in south holland - at the age of six before joining sparta rotterdam three years later .
the son of a ghanaian father and dutch mother , depay moved to psv at the age of 12 before making his first-team debut in september 2011 having impressed during a trial .
depay signed his first professional contract in june 2012 and has already made over 100 appearances for the dutch giants .
pacy , with neat close control , depay loves to run at defenders and completed the most dribbles in the entire eredivisie during the 2013/14 campaign .
adding more goals to his game this season , the youngster is more than capable at shooting from distance and boasts an explosive right-foot .
often playing on the left-wing and cutting inside , depay is strong on the ball and has more than a few tricks up his sleeve to bamboozle opponents .
however , still at a young age and learning the game , the 21-year-old can sometimes be guilty of making the wrong pass or keeping hold of the ball for too long .
talent to one day match arjen robben ... and already better than a young cristiano ronaldo ?
while depay has been tipped to become as good as dutch star arjen robben by psv manager phillip cocu , one man believes the holland youngster could one day rival cristiano ronaldo .
ed van steijn , the man who scouted ronaldo for manchester united , believes depay is better than the real madrid star was at the same age .
speaking to dutch daily newspaper algemeen dagblad , van steijn said : ` if i compare him to a young cristiano ronaldo at the time , then depay has more strings to his bow .
` ronaldo did the same things wrong at manchester united as he did when he was 17 . '
meanwhile , former holland midfielder cocu said of depay : ` whether he can be as good as arjen robben ?
` they are different players , but they are both fast and have a good shot .
and both always have the urge to learn .
` but memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn . '
depay 's psv team-mate stijn schaars is also a fan and told helden online : ` he 's doing everything to reach the top .
` he has a body of a true athlete , power and flair .
i 'm not afraid of him losing his head .
i like him a lot . '
international star and world cup goalscorer
depay was handed his first oranje call-up by louis van gaal in 2013 and was selected for holland 's world cup squad a year later .
the energetic frontman scored the winning goal in holland 's 3-13 victory over australia , before coming off the bench to net against chile and help van gaal 's men seal top spot in group b.
having impressed in brazil , depay was nominated for the tournament 's ` best young player ' award but lost out to france midfielder paul pogba .
click here to read sportsmail 's full background article about memphis depay . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay, while the article states that the club have ramped up their efforts to sign him.
2. The summary mentions that Louis van Gaal is keen to make Depay one of his first signings this summer, but the article does not mention this.
3. The summary states that Depay worked under van Gaal during the 2014 World Cup campaign, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that Depay scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season, but the article does not mention the specific number of goals he has scored.
5. The summary states that Premier League rivals Tottenham were keen on signing Depay last summer, but the article does not mention this.
6. The summary mentions that Depay is worth more than the £15 million that Tottenham offered last summer, but the article does not mention this.
7. The summary states that Depay is enjoying a prolific season at the Philips Stadium, but the article does not mention this.
8. The summary mentions that Depay has scored an emphatic 20 goals in 26 league games this season, but the article does not mention the specific number of goals he has scored.
9. The summary states that PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday, but the article does not mention this.
10. The summary mentions that Depay celebrates the Dutch giants' success with manager Phillip Cocu after the match, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not mentioned in the article, and omits other information that is included in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions "click here for all the latest manchester united news", but this is not relevant to the article.
