<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    marco rubio spoke to face the nation after admitting he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision
the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' 

    Article: 
    marco rubio has claimed people are ` born with a sexual preference ' while insisting state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage .
the presidential candidate spoke to cbs 's face the nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision .
the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' .
marco rubio told face the nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference , but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right
he added : ` states have always regulated marriage .
and if a state wants to have a different definition , you should petition the state legislature and have a political debate .
` i do n't think courts should be making that decision .
` i do n't believe same-sex marriage is a constitutional right , ' rubio continued .
` i also do n't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people .
` in fact ... i believe that sexual preference is something that people are born with . '
last week , during an interview with fusion magazine , he said if someone he ` cared ' for was involved in a same-sex union he would ` of course attend ' .
he added : i 'm not going to hurt them simply because i disagree with a choice they 've made or because i disagree with a decision they 've made , or whatever it may be .
` ultimately , if someone that you care for and is part of your family has decided to move in one direction or another or feels that way because of who they love , you respect that because you love them . '
rubio also noted that , as a catholic , he believes divorce is wrong , but he would n't stop loving someone if they were divorced .
the miami politician announced he is running for president last week .
donors have said their candidate has already received monetary commitments in excess of the $ 45 million he will likely need to battle through a presidential primary season that will feature a crowd of seasoned republican candidates with strong financial backing .
last week the florida senator admitted he would attend the gay wedding of someone he ` cared ' for , even if he did n't agree with what they were doing 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Marco Rubio believes the definition of marriage should be between one man and one woman, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that Rubio believes states should decide the definition of marriage and that he does not think same-sex marriage should be a constitutional right.
2. The summary states that Rubio would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer, even if he did not agree with the decision, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that Rubio would respect the decision of someone he cares for if they were to get married, but he would not attend the wedding if he were not invited.
3. The summary states that Rubio believes people are born with a sexual preference, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that Rubio believes that sexual preference is something that people are born with, but he does not think that sexual orientation is a choice.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates Rubio's support for same-sex marriage and downplays his opposition to it. The article presents a more nuanced view of Rubio's position on the issue, emphasizing his belief that states should decide the definition of marriage and that he respects the decisions of those he cares for, even if he disagrees with them.

###Corrected:

###Comment:
There is no inconsistency in this summary.
