<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday
liverpool captain steven gerrard is set to leave anfield in may
martin skrtel has praised the impact and example gerrard has made
but skrtel still considers gerrard one of the best players in the world 

    Article: 
    martin skrtel has praised the impact steven gerrard has had upon him since arriving at anfield in 2008 but believes liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him .
reds captain gerrard is set to feature for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday , looking to lead his hometown side into the final against arsenal .
should liverpool emerge victorious against villa , gerrard will sign off his anfield career in the final which takes place on his birthday of may 30 , before moving to la galaxy .
martin skrtel ( left ) says departing liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world
gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal
skrtel ( right ) has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool
srktel believes gerrard is synonymous with liverpool and that the midfielder is still one of the game 's leading stars .
` in my eyes he is still one of the best players in the world , ' skrtel told goal.com .
` when you say liverpool it 's always steven gerrard .
it will be different next season and liverpool will never be the same . '
skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago and despite some indifferent form upon arriving in england , the slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in liverpool 's defence .
skrtel revealed that gerrard helped him to settle at the beginning of his time at the club .
` i can say only good things about him , ' skrtel said .
` from the first day i came to liverpool he was here to help me .
he gave me a hand every single day with everything i needed .
i need to say thanks for that . '
while skrtel admits liverpool will be a different side without gerrard among their ranks , he believes the club have potential replacements to the iconic no 8 .
skrtel ( left ) still considers 34-year-old midfield player gerrard one of the best players in the world
skrtel ( left ) believes liverpool have the players to fill gerrard 's void providing they are given the right help
` he will be leaving after this season and we have a few players who can replace him .
we will try to help them and try to work as a team , ' skrtel explained .
both gerrard and skrtel could return to the liverpool line-up for the match against villa after both served three-match bans for violent conduct in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united in march . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Steven Gerrard is set to leave Liverpool in May, but the article states that he will feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa and potentially sign off his Anfield career in the final on his birthday of May 30th before moving to LA Galaxy.
2. The summary states that Martin Skrtel believes Liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing Gerrard, but the article states that Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world and that Liverpool will be a different side without him.
3. The summary does not mention that Gerrard helped Skrtel settle at the beginning of his time at the club, as stated in the article.
4. The summary does not mention that Skrtel believes Liverpool have the players to fill Gerrard's void, as stated in the article.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
