<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film " american sniper " despite objections from some students .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students .
bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 .
some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
michigan 's detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population .
but there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider .
on wednesday , e. royster harper , university of michigan 's vice president for student life , said in a statement that " it was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie ` american sniper ' on campus as part of a social event for students " and that the show will go on .
" the initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the university of michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters , " the statement said .
umix will offer a screening of the family-friendly " paddington " for those who would rather not attend " american sniper . "
the announcement drew praise from michigan head football coach jim harbaugh .
</Article>

<Summary>
the university of michigan decides to proceed with a screening of " american sniper "
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix
the announcement drew praise from michigan head football coach jim harbaugh
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that "more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix." This information is not present in the summary.
2. The summary states that the university decided to proceed with the screening of the movie, but the article states that the initial decision was to cancel the movie and that there was a backlash to the decision. This information is not present in the summary.
3. The summary mentions the announcement drawing praise from Michigan head football coach Jim Harbaugh, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include all the information presented in the article. The article provides more details and context about the decision to cancel and then reconsider the screening of the movie, as well as the reaction of the students and the football coach. The summary only highlights the final decision to proceed with the screening, without providing the full context of the events leading up to that decision.

###Corrected:
