<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off
o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation 

    Article: 
    tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange ( above ) , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off
a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie , attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
the news that o'carroll is a backer of hacked off will be an embarrassment to the group .
pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the national council for civil liberties ( nccl ) .
the nccl lobbied parliament for the age of sexual consent to be cut to ten as long as the child ` understood the nature of the act ' and apparently consented .
the group also wanted incest to be legalised .
o'carroll was on the nccl 's gay rights sub-committee .
the 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ` corrupting public morals ' .
he wrote a blog after the february meeting , chaired by comedian john cleese , confirming his attendance .
a hacked off spokesman said that the meeting was ` open to and free for all members of the public to attend ' .
o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation , which john cleese ( left ; right in fawlty towers ) chaired 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Tom O'Carroll, a leading member of the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE), has joined the supporters of the media pressure group Hacked Off.

Inconsistency: This statement is not consistent with the article because PIE is a notorious organization that campaigned for the legalization of child sex, which is not something that Hacked Off would support.

2. The article mentions that O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25 to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation.

Inconsistency: This statement is not consistent with the article because O'Carroll's attendance at the rally would be an embarrassment to Hacked Off, as PIE's views on child sex are not aligned with Hacked Off's goals.

3. The article states that Hacked Off is campaigning against what it sees as the "biased and unfair" Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO).

Inconsistency: This statement is not consistent with the article because PIE's views on child sex are not aligned with Hacked Off's goals, and it is unlikely that Hacked Off would support an organization that campaigns for the legalization of child sex.

4. The article mentions that O'Carroll was a former Open University information officer and was a key activist for PIE.

Inconsistency: This statement is not consistent with the article because it is unlikely that Hacked Off would support someone with a background in PIE, a notorious organization that campaigned for the legalization of child sex.

5. The article states that Hacked Off wants MPs to set up a statutory body to regulate the press, as recommended by the Leveson Inquiry.

Inconsistency: This statement is not consistent with the article because PIE's views on child sex are not aligned with Hacked Off's goals, and it is unlikely that Hacked Off would support a statutory body to regulate the press.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the content or the goals of Hacked Off

###Corrected:
