<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , official says
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms of cocaine on a ship that was also off the coast of colombia 

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that French customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine, while the article states that the seizure was over 250 kilograms (550 pounds). This is a discrepancy in the amount of drugs seized.
2. The summary mentions that the seizure is the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that the seizure in November was the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities in Martinique.
3. The summary states that the sailboat was flying an American flag, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that three people were arrested, but the article only mentions two Spanish citizens being arrested.

Based on these discrepancies, it appears that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary exaggerates the amount of drugs seized and includes additional details that are not present in the article.

###Corrected:
