<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    elena curtin of portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . 
she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin was ` completely justified in her outrage ` 
curtin 's defense attorney said the ex-girlfriend was jealous and bitter that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his client . 

    Article: 
    an oregon woman who came home and beat her boyfriend 's former girlfriend with a crowbar after finding her getting high on heroin in her bathroom will no longer face prosecution .
elena curtin of portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 .
she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin , 23 , was ` completely justified in her outrage ' .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014
curtin gave birth in january .
when curtin came home , she found her boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet , oregonian/oregonlive reported .
when she asked her to leave and the woman refused , curtin beat her with a crowbar .
oregon law allows for use of physical force against an intruder who wo n't leave a resident 's home .
curtin 's defense attorney , casey kovacic , said the ex-girlfriend was ` jealous and bitter ' that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his client .
the boyfriend , who is the father of curtin 's child , struggled with heroin in the past .
the ex and the boyfriend had gotten high at the apartment before and they have a five-year-old child .
they have since reconciled and curtin is now living with her parents .
the boyfriend has not been a part of his new child 's life .
kovacic wrote in an email : ` in the two years leading up to this incident , [ the ex ] made it her personal mission to make elena 's life miserable .
` she routinely harassed and threatened to hurt elena , stole from her , and cruelly plotted to drag [ the boyfriend ] back into addiction .
` that 's one silver lining - she 's [ curtin ] been able to examine how bad ( her relationship ) was and move on with her life . '
if she had gone to trial and been convicted , curtin would have faced received a mandatory prison sentence of almost six years .
curtin was charged after coming home and finding her boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin in her bathroom 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that prosecutors dropped the charge against Elena Curtin because she was "completely justified in her outrage." However, the article states that prosecutors dropped the charge because Curtin was justified in her use of physical force against the ex-girlfriend under Oregon law, which allows for the use of physical force against an intruder who refuses to leave a resident's home.
2. The summary implies that Curtin was charged with second-degree assault for beating her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend with a crowbar, but the article states that she was charged with second-degree assault for striking the ex-girlfriend in the head and arm with a crowbar.
3. The summary states that Curtin was set to go to trial this week, but the article states that she was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week before prosecutors dropped the charge.
4. The summary does not mention that Curtin was seven months pregnant at the time of the incident, as the article does.
5. The summary does not mention that the ex-girlfriend was shooting heroin in Curtin's bathroom, as the article does.
6. The summary does not mention that the ex-girlfriend had a previous relationship with Curtin's boyfriend and that they have a five-year-old child together, as the article does.
7. The summary does not mention that Curtin's boyfriend struggled with heroin in the past, as the article does.
8. The summary does not mention that Curtin's defense attorney, Casey Kovacic, said the ex-girlfriend was "jealous and bitter" that Curtin's boyfriend was in a relationship with his client, as the article does.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it leaves out several key details and misrepresents the reasons for which prosecutors dropped the charge against Curtin.

###Corrected:
