<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jamar nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. 
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire. suing la for millions. 

    Article: 
    an african american teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing los angeles for $ 20 million .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn .
the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
suing la for millions : jamar nicholson ( left ) and his friend jason huerta ( right ) , who stand solemnly in the alleyway where nicholson was shot , are suing the city of los angeles for $ 20 million
nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive .
nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun .
` jamar is really lucky to be alive .
with respect to the other kids , they are lucky as well that they were n't hit .
it does n't appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol , ' jamar 's attorney herbert hayden told yahoo news .
the gun that officers thought was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake .
another attorney john w. harris who is representing nicholson and his friend 17-year-old jason huerta is arguing that nicholson and his friend posed no threat to police officers or themselves .
` the lapd shot first and then asked questions later , ' harris said .
the lapd says that at 7.45 am on february 10 , officers saw a teen holding what appeared to be a gun and they claim they told him to drop it .
: one of the teens present at the shooting was holding this fake gun with an orange tip that lapd say they thought was real
` officers ordered him to drop the weapon multiple times .
the individual ignored the officer 's commands , ' a police news release reads .
attorney hayden said that had a camera been rolling , the lapd 's story may have been expressed differently .
` the police department 's officers have each other 's backs .
if there is no camera rolling , they are free to construe the facts how they see fit , ' hayden said .
` it 's so bizarre in this incident that testimony of the people we interviewed is so drastically different from the story the lapd has been pumping out since this first started , ' he added .
hayden said that the officer who shot nicholson , miguel gutierrez , also shot and killed a dog in 2008 when responding to a traffic collision .
both nicholson and huerta said they feel traumatized by what happened to them .
seeking justice : jamar nicholson , second from left , listens to his attorney john harris speak during a press conference on wednesday in south los angeles where he was shot on february 10
nicholson said he had to miss school as a result of the shooting and said that he felt tremendous pain from his injuries .
` i see a cop and i get nervous , ' he said .
` i 've never really looked at police in a certain way , until that day . '
nicholson and huerta say they have never been in trouble with the law before .
` you can check our records , ' huerta insisted .
` that 's a bad way to meet officers , ' nicholson said .
` got off on the wrong foot , ' huerta said .
officer gutierrez has returned to full duty since the incident , though it remains under investigation . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary and the article. Here are the steps to explain my reasoning:

1. Identify the main points in the summary:
	* Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway before school when two police officers approached them with their guns drawn.
	* One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real, prompting them to fire.
	* Jamar was shot in the back, and he and his friend Jason Huerta are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20 million.
2. Identify the main points in the article:
	* An African American teenager was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun.
	* Jamar Nicholson, 15, was shot in the back by Officer Miguel Gutierrez.
	* Jamar and Jason are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20 million.
	* The officers approached the boys with their guns drawn because they thought one of the teenagers was holding a real gun.
	* The toy gun had an orange tip indicating that it was fake.
	* The LAPD claims that the officers told the teenager to drop the weapon multiple times before shooting him.
	* Jamar and Jason's attorneys argue that the teens posed no threat to the officers or themselves.
3. Identify the inconsistencies:
	* The summary states that Jamar was shot in the back, but the article states that he was shot by Officer Gutierrez.
	* The summary mentions that the officers thought the toy gun was real, but the article states that the toy gun had an orange tip indicating that it was fake.
	* The summary does not mention that the officers told the teenager to drop the weapon multiple times before shooting him, as stated in the article.
4. Explain the inconsistencies:
	* The inconsistency in point 1 may be due to a misinterpretation of the article or a mistake in summarizing the information.
	* The inconsistency in point 2 may be due to a misunderstanding of the information in the article or a failure to accurately convey the information in the summary.

In conclusion

###Corrected:
