<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer .
australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer
mr abbott came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking 

    Article: 
    tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he 's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he 's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze .
julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer .
` it sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can drink , ' she said .
australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer
mr abbott came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking
` it sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can drink . '
on saturday night mr abbott appeared happy to oblige when he was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous .
it took the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony ' .
dr robert warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much , or how quickly , they can drink .
` it is the whole performance and the display and showing off which is the problematic part , ' she told daily mail australia .
however , she said it was not just mr abbott 's skol that was concerning , it was also the way media and other government officials have reacted to the event .
in an interview on sunday , opposition leader bill shorten quipped that he was ` just pleased that tony abbott 's learning to drink beer without adding lemonade to it ' .
mr abbott was labelled ` un-australian ' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign .
dr robert said while drinking was a part of the australian tradition , it was dangerous to make comments that would only glorify irresponsible drinking practices and perpetuate the stereotype that drinking heavily makes you a true blue aussie bloke .
critics said he should be setting an example that you do n't have to drink heavily to be a ` true blue aussie bloke '
it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony '
health minister sussan ley was quick to jump to mr abbott 's defence saying there was ` nothing wrong ' with the prime minister 's antics .
" if more people got up at 4.30 in the morning and went running and cycling and worked as hard as our prime minister to keep fit and demonstrate that there are many ways that you can do this , i think we 'd have a healthier country as a result , " ms ley said .
during his night out , mr abbott gave a speech to the players , according to australian women 's weekly .
` he grabs the microphone and gives a speech , which went along the lines of : ` well is n't this a real treat , i 've been a rugby man all my life but now i finally get to hang out with some real footballers ' to which of course the crowd went crazy , ' coach carradous said .
` then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner , dribbling little bits on his shirt ... he was proud as punch . '
while mr abbott is not the first australian prime minister to show off his skolling skills , with former labor prime minister bob hawke a notable example , dr roberts said he should have taken into consideration recent shifts in attitudes over heavy drinking .
` i do n't necessarily think it 's a partisan thing but i do think the climate has changed and we did n't [ used to ] have the concern over binge drinking that we do now , ' she said .
mr abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous , and the prime minister happily obliged
` he drank the entire schooner , dribbling bits on his shirt ... he was proud as punch , ' a witness said 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Based on the given summary and article, here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Julie Robert, a cultural studies professor at the University of Technology Sydney, said it was "problematic" that the Prime Minister thought it acceptable to "showcase his masculinity" by skolling a beer. However, in the article, Dr. Robert is quoted as saying that it was not just Mr. Abbott's skolling that was concerning, but also the way media and other government officials have reacted to the event.
2. The summary suggests that Dr. Robert believes the Prime Minister should be advocating against binge drinking, but there is no direct quote from her in the article to support this claim. In fact, the article states that Dr. Robert warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much or how quickly they can drink, but it does not mention anything about advocating against binge drinking.
3. The summary states that Mr. Abbott was "cheered on" by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer, but the article does not mention anything about a crowd cheering him on. Instead, it states that players cheered and chanted "skol" and "Tony" as he drank the schooner.
4. The summary states that health minister Sussan Ley was quick to jump to Mr. Abbott's defense, saying there was "nothing wrong" with the Prime Minister's antics. However, in the article, Ms. Ley is quoted as saying that if more people got up at 4:30 in the morning and went running and cycling and worked as hard as our Prime Minister to keep fit, we'd have a healthier country as a result. This statement does not directly address Mr. Abbott's skolling behavior.
5. The summary states that Mr. Abbott gave a speech to the players, according to Australian Women's Weekly, but there is no mention of this in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it adds or modifies information that is not present in the article, and it does not accurately represent the quotes and statements made by Dr. Julie Robert.

###Corrected:
