<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site , even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the u.s. civil war president 's assassination .
for the state that calls itself the ` land of lincoln , ' the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis and gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists .
killing : president lincoln was assassinated by john wilkes booth at a performance of the play ` our american cousin ' in april 1865 

    Article: 
    caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site , even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the u.s. civil war president 's assassination .
for the state that calls itself the ` land of lincoln , ' the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis and gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists .
he would roll the agency into another department .
what 's more , the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of national geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby . '
landmark : in this feb. 12 , 2015 file photo , illinois gov. bruce rauner participates in ceremonies honoring president abraham lincoln at the lincoln tomb in springfield , illinois
leader : a marker is seen over the burial site of abraham lincoln inside lincoln 's tomb within oak ridge cemetery ( november 2013 file photo )
killing : president lincoln was assassinated by john wilkes booth at a performance of the play ` our american cousin ' in april 1865
recounting the route of lincoln 's funeral train to springfield for burial , historian adam goodheart describes the tomb as ` a disappointment ' and reconstructed in ` incongruous art deco style . '
` it 's strange to think that there is a place where lincoln still physically exists in the world , let alone that it 's a place like this , ' writes goodheart , who is director for washington college 's center for the american experience in maryland .
goodheart 's publicist did n't immediately return a request for comment .
the hours and days the lincoln tomb is open have been reduced , and it 's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $ 1.1 million funding for sites in the springfield area .
on tuesday -- the 150th anniversary of john wilkes booth 's shooting of lincoln , although the president was pronounced dead the following day -- joan boatz and a group of former bridge club friends found the tomb 's iron door locked , despite a sign saying the site should be open at that time .
chris wills , spokesman for the historic preservation agency , said the correct times when the site is open are posted on its website .
pam vanalstine , president of the lincoln monument association , said she 's deeply concerned about what more cuts might mean for the lincoln site .
` we 're all scared to death , ' said vanalstine , who also serves as a volunteer tour guide .
` we do n't know how things are going to be run . '
she and other supporters of how lincoln 's final resting place is presented to the public said the national geographic portrayal was unfair .
remembered : tourists walk out of abraham lincoln 's tomb and past a bust of lincoln statue ( november 2013 file photo )
shrouded in history : caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site ( february 2014 file photo )
` the author of the piece is certainly entitled to feel underwhelmed by the tomb 's interior , but i think it 's safe to say he 's in the minority , ' wills said .
according to the state historic preservation agency , the tomb and its receiving vault have seen more than $ 2.5 million in recent repairs and renovations , leaving it in what wills describes as ` excellent physical condition . '
the tomb 's interior plaster and paint , and bronze and marble construction were renovated last year , and its interior lighting was upgraded for approximately $ 730,000 .
the state is currently working on waterproofing the receiving vault , repairing the stone structure 's interior , and landscaping to direct water away from the vault , a roughly $ 390,000 project .
lincoln 's tomb was designed by vermont sculptor larkin mead , who won a national contest .
it was dedicated by president ulysses s. grant in 1874 .
originally built on what historians describe as an ` inadequate foundation , ' it was reconstructed first in 1899 , and then again in 1930 to give the public access to the interior burial chamber .
today , the tomb , a circular structure topped with an obelisk , has its interior sheathed in alternating black and tan marble and is trimmed with bronze .
hallways stretch on either side of a rotunda to the family burial chamber , where lincoln lies below an inscription ` now he belongs to the ages . '
william sparks , a visitor to the outside of the tomb tuesday who took an amtrak train from green bay , wisconsin , said he had a copy of the national geographic story with him at his springfield hotel , but disagreed with its conclusion .
` it 's absolutely gorgeous , ' he said of the site , even though he did n't get to see the interior of the tomb .
` i do n't get ( the author 's take ) at all .
this is very impressive . '
critique : the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of national geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby ' ( april 2013 file photo )
lincoln 's tomb was designed by vermont sculptor larkin mead , who won a national contest .
it was dedicated by president ulysses s. grant in 1874 ( november 2013 file photo ) 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the article is about the caretakers of Abraham Lincoln's tomb being on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site. However, the article does not mention any budget cuts or a critique in National Geographic magazine.

2. The summary mentions that the article is about the 150th anniversary of Lincoln's assassination, but the article does not mention this anniversary.

3. The summary states that the article describes the tomb as "all the historical character of an office lobby," but this phrase does not appear in the article.

4. The summary mentions that the article discusses the tomb's interior, but the article only mentions the exterior of the tomb.

5. The summary states that the article is about the tomb's caretakers being concerned about what more cuts might mean for the Lincoln site, but the article does not mention any concerns about cuts.

6. The summary mentions that the article is about the tomb's receiving vault having seen more than $2.5 million in recent repairs and renovations, but the article does not mention this information.

7. The summary states that the article is about the tomb's interior plaster and paint, and bronze and marble construction being renovated last year, but the article does not mention this information.

8. The summary mentions that the article is about the state historic preservation agency working on waterproofing the receiving vault, repairing the stone structure's interior, and landscaping to direct water away from the vault, but the article does not mention this information.

9. The summary states that the article is about Lincoln's tomb being designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead, who won a national contest, but the article does not mention this information.

10. The summary mentions that the article is about the tomb being reconstructed first in 1899 and then again in 1930 to give the public access to the interior burial chamber, but the article does not mention this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains several inaccuracies and omissions.

###Corrected:
