<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .
ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal
teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton
` it was just a blur , ' he said .
` i could n't work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay .
all the other jockeys asked me if i was all right and stuff , they all watched with me and looked away in horror .
it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen .
` there was nothing i could do to avoid it , you just have to let it take its course and hope it 's not a bad one .
i 've been very lucky .
i got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it 's all good banter .
` given the somersaults , maybe i 'll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing . '
</Article>

<Summary>
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal
teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in a spectacular fall at Wincanton, and that he suffered only a cut on his nose.
2. The summary does not mention the word "spectacular" or any details about the fall. It simply states that Ferguson was flung from his horse.
3. The article includes quotes from Ferguson himself, who describes the fall as "a blur" and says that he couldn't work out what had happened until he watched the replay. The summary does not include any quotes from Ferguson.
4. The article states that other jockeys asked Ferguson if he was all right and watched the fall with him in horror. The summary does not mention this.
5. The article includes a statement from Ferguson about possibly pursuing a gymnastics career after finishing racing, which is not included in the summary.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include many of the details and quotes that are present in the article. The summary is too brief and lacks the specific information that makes the article interesting and informative.

###Corrected:
