<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday . the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . and he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida . lyoto machida ( left ) and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend . ' a big set of balls . i 've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him , ' he said . ' machida likes to run around and dance and do his thing . i 've just got to cut him off , slowly progress and be the bull . he tries to be the matador – sometimes you 've got to play one role or the other and this is the time to be the bull and slowly progress , put him in a bad spot and make him fight my fight . ' i 've seen little things that he does n't like – there 's plenty of other fights too that i 've seen that show a lot of holes and areas where i can take advantage of . ' you see fights where guys stand in the middle ground too long – i 've just got to make him think about everything . i 'm a true mixed martial artist ; i have everything to my game . he 's got to think about me taking him down , and then my kicks and my punches and everything that i bring to the table . ' machida has got a very small avenue to win this fight on the feet . other than that , my avenue is quite big comparably to his.. . he does n't really have much of a chance on the ground . rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five . machida lands a side kick as he works out in front of fans and media . ' i 'll be operating at a different frequency than him – he does n't have the hip movement and the speed to keep up with me . ' and while rockhold afforded machida his respect , he has no plans to let it get in the way of victory . ' i think there is a mutual respect between machida and me – i respect what he does , ' he said . ' he 's one of the best in the game and has been for a long , long time . ' he 's right here at the top , where he 's been for the whole of his career . he 's a martial artist – he lives by the code . a lot of people love his fighting style , a lot of people hate his fighting style , but you have to respect his fighting style . ' i respect what he does and i like a lot of the things he does . but at the same time , i 'm going to go out there and show him my style and dominate . ' i 've been running marathons every day so i 'm ready to go in there and chase him down . ' rockhold 's last victory came against michael bisping last november in australia . machida is also coming off the back of a victory , against cb dollaway in brazil . machida , meanwhile , is confident he can upset rockhold and earn himself a title shot . ' i think if i apply my style , my technique , i can stop luke , you know , ' he said . ' if i can do my strategy , i can win the fight . ' i know there was another fight in line for the title shot - jacare vs yoel romero – but now , whoever wins out of me and luke – deserves a title shot i think . ' i can see a couple of weaknesses in luke but it 's hard to say before the fight , it 's hard to foresee the fight . i have to be there to feel the fight- to see any mistakes he makes . ' i am very well prepared for this fight . i had eight weeks of camp and i had great training . glover [ teixeira ] was there and many , many other fighters . so i am feeling very well , very calm , and i think i can do a great job . '  
</Article>

<Summary>
rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five 
machida lands a side kick as he works out in front of fans and media 
` i 'll be operating at a different frequency than him -- he does n't have the hip movement and the speed to keep up with me . ' 
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. The summary only includes one sentence from the article, while the rest of the summary is not present in the article. This indicates that the summary is not an accurate representation of the article's content.
2. The sentence included in the summary is not a complete sentence from the article. The article contains a complete sentence that reads, "I'll be operating at a different frequency than him - he doesn't have the hip movement and the speed to keep up with me." The summary only includes the first part of this sentence, omitting the second part.
3. The summary does not include any information about the fighters' training, preparation, or strategies, which are all discussed in the article. This indicates that the summary is not a comprehensive summary of the article's content.
4. The summary does not mention the fighters' respect for each other, which is a significant aspect of the article. The article quotes Luke Rockhold as saying, "I respect what he does, he's one of the best in the game and has been for a long, long time."

In conclusion, the summary is not a consistent representation of the article's content. It only includes one sentence from the article, omits important information, and does not provide a comprehensive summary of the article's content.

###Corrected:
