<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .
though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter .
" meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , " houston said .
" we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time . "
houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told cnn .
she also has a tracheostomy in her throat , the source said .
the reports come two days after brown 's father , bobby brown , said his daughter 's condition had improved .
" i can say today , bobbi is awake .
she 's watching me , " brown told the audience at dallas ' verizon theatre .
in a statement monday , an attorney for the brown family said that bobbi kristina brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen .
" doctors have indicated that she will have a long life , " attorney christopher brown said .
" however , bobbi kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process , and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . "
who 's who in the bobbi kristina brown case ?
bobby brown was in an " emotional state " on stage when he made the remarks about his daughter being awake , according to the statement .
" she has made it out of icu , opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard , " said bobby brown 's wife , alicia etheredge-brown .
</Article>

<Summary>
( cnn ) bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .
houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
in a statement monday , an attorney for the brown family said that bobbi kristina brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," according to her grandmother Cissy Houston.
2. The summary does not include this information. Instead, it only states that Bobbi Kristina Brown has been in the same neurological state for nearly three months.
3. The article also includes information from a source with knowledge of Brown's condition, who said that she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices, and has a tracheostomy in her throat.
4. The summary does not include this information either.
5. The article states that Bobbi Kristina Brown's condition has improved, but the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen.
6. The summary does not include this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include several important details about Bobbi Kristina Brown's condition, such as the extent of her brain damage and the fact that she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices. Additionally, the summary does not include the information that her condition has improved, but the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen.

###Corrected:

###Comment:
There is no inconsistency in this summary.
