<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    and grealish says , due to superstition , that he 'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start on tuesday night .
the ireland under 21 international wears children 's shinpads - and says is n't about to change
grealish was pleased to have finally made his first premier league start for villa against qpr 

    Article: 
    jack grealish has a message for premier league referees : you can keep telling me to pull my socks up but there 's no chance of me listening .
the aston villa teenager is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads .
and grealish says , due to superstition , that he 'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start on tuesday night .
jack grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for aston villa
the ireland under 21 international wears children 's shinpads - and says is n't about to change
` it 's a superstition that i 've done all my life and i 'm going to keep it that way , ' grealish told the bbc .
he appears not to wear shinpads on first glance , but does in fact use a children 's size .
` a few referees have tried telling me but i 've got to keep it like that , ' grealish added .
` i have n't had a kick on my shin yet and hopefully not any time soon . '
his first league start for the club came in the pulsating 3-3 draw against qpr on tuesday , but the republic of ireland under 21 international was glad to get it out of the way .
grealish was pleased to have finally made his first premier league start for villa against qpr
` it was a bit of a tough game to get my first start , in a big relegation scrap , but i 'm pleased even if i 'm not happy about how the game ended up , ' he added .
` i try and see it as any other football match but it 's nice that the gaffer has got that faith in me and hopefully i can try to get a few more starts before the end of the season .
` he said i deserve my start which is nice to hear and it really gives me a bit of a boost . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Grealish wears children's shinpads, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article explicitly states that Grealish does not wear shinpads.
2. The summary states that Grealish is superstitious about wearing his socks high, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that Grealish wears his socks low.
3. The summary states that Grealish has made his first Premier League start for Villa against QPR, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that Grealish made his first Premier League start for Villa in a previous game.
4. The summary states that Grealish is happy to have finally made his first Premier League start, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that Grealish was pleased to have finally made his first Premier League start for Villa against QPR.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations that are not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
