<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities . 

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that French customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean.
2. The summary states that French customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean.
3. Both the article and the summary are consistent in their reporting of the seizure of the cocaine.
4. However, the summary states that the seizure was the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, while the article does not include this information.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not supported by the article.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is that it includes additional information (the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities) that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
