<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india -- and her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack .
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns .
she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself .
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india .
she is now recovering in delhi 's safdarjung hospital ( pictured )
she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself ( file image )
on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene , according to ndtv , to the shock of her brother , who doused her with water .
he told the broadcaster : ` when i woke up , i saw her in flames ... i poured water on her to put out the flames . '
the girl was screaming for help , according to a neighbour .
the accused men have been arrested .
there is a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in india at the moment after officials last month banned india 's daughter , a documentary about the gang rape and murder of an indian student in delhi .
recent attacks in india have resulted in street protests with many calling for more protection for women
officials said the documentary would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country .
the documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student jyoti singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema .
one of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver mukesh singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed .
her death led to protests throughout india and outraged the world .
last month an angry mob were seen on video footage beating a man to death in the street who was accused of raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl .
video footage has emerged of the brutal prolonged attack on the 18-year-old , which was watched by a jeering 1,000-strong crowd in nagaland in eastern india .
ibo cha was said to have been beaten for an hour before he died of his injuries .
the footage was shot in september last year after the girl 's body was found in woodland , enraging locals .
but it only came to light after earlier this year alleged rapist syed sarif khan was kidnapped from prison and dragged through the streets of the same area .
he was then stripped naked and beaten to death .
he was accused but not convicted of raping a 19-year-old female student multiple times .
later nagaland government said he was innocent .
jyoti singh pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus .
the 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died .
vinay sharma , 20 , akshay thakur , 28 , pawan gupta , 19 , and mukesh singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape .
ram singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell .
a minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution .
her death sparked angry protests in india and internationally about misogyny in the country .
the attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
</Article>

<Summary>
teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men .
she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself .
on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene , according to a neighbour .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. The summary mentions that the teenager set herself on fire after being allegedly raped by five men, but the article does not mention anything about the teenager setting herself on fire.
2. The summary states that the teenager was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday, but the article does not provide any information about the timing of the alleged rape.
3. The summary mentions that the teenager set herself on fire using kerosene, but the article does not provide any information about how the teenager was set on fire.
4. The summary does not mention the location of the alleged rape, but the article states that the alleged rape took place in Kosi Kalan, Uttar Pradesh's Mathura district.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not present in the article and leaves out important details that are present in the article. It is possible that the summary was created based on incomplete or inaccurate information, or that it was intended to be a summary of a different article or event.

###Corrected:
