<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    marco rubio told face the nation after admitting he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision .
the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ' definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' . 

    Article: 
    marco rubio has claimed people are ` born with a sexual preference ' while insisting state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage .
the presidential candidate spoke to cbs 's face the nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision .
the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' .
marco rubio told face the nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference , but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right
he added : ` states have always regulated marriage .
and if a state wants to have a different definition , you should petition the state legislature and have a political debate .
` i do n't think courts should be making that decision .
` i do n't believe same-sex marriage is a constitutional right , ' rubio continued .
` i also do n't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people .
` in fact ... i believe that sexual preference is something that people are born with . '
last week , during an interview with fusion magazine , he said if someone he ` cared ' for was involved in a same-sex union he would ` of course attend ' .
he added : i 'm not going to hurt them simply because i disagree with a choice they 've made or because i disagree with a decision they 've made , or whatever it may be .
` ultimately , if someone that you care for and is part of your family has decided to move in one direction or another or feels that way because of who they love , you respect that because you love them . '
rubio also noted that , as a catholic , he believes divorce is wrong , but he would n't stop loving someone if they were divorced .
the miami politician announced he is running for president last week .
donors have said their candidate has already received monetary commitments in excess of the $ 42 million he will likely need to battle through a presidential primary season that will feature a crowd of seasoned republican candidates with strong financial backing .
last week the florida senator admitted he would attend the gay wedding of someone he ` cared ' for , even if he did n't agree with what they were doing 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Based on the provided summary and article, there are several inconsistencies:

1. Attending a same-sex wedding: The summary states that Marco Rubio would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer, even if he didn't agree with the decision. However, the article states that Rubio believes same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right and that he would not support it.
2. Definition of marriage: The summary states that Rubio believes the definition of marriage should be between one man and one woman. However, the article states that Rubio believes people are born with a sexual preference and that he does not think courts should be making decisions about marriage.
3. Constitutional right: The summary states that Rubio does not believe same-sex marriage is a constitutional right. However, the article states that Rubio believes that sexual preference is something that people are born with and that he would not support denying people the right to marry based on their sexual preference.
4. Respecting others' choices: The summary states that Rubio would respect the choices of someone he cared for, even if he disagreed with them. However, the article states that Rubio believes that divorce is wrong and that he would not support same-sex marriage.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect Rubio's positions on same-sex marriage and the definition of marriage. The article provides more context and nuance on Rubio's views, indicating that he is more open to the idea of same-sex marriage and believes that people are born with a sexual preference.

###Corrected:
