<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
mike brown admitted he would adopt a ` cautious ' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback .
the england full-back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of harlequins ' aviva premiership clash with saracens at wembley last weekend .
northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions , while ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
england full back mike brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for club side harlequins
brown is determined not to suffer an extended break - so will not rush himself back to action ahead of time .
` it was just after the france game , there was n't one incident where i was dizzy or concussed , but after the game i just did n't feel quite right , ' said brown .
` i had a headache the sunday and monday , so just being cautious with it , i do n't want to get into the situation where you get a few knockouts or something .
` you do n't want to be into a situation where you 're out for a long time like johnny sexton or geoff parling or something like that .
` so with what 's coming up at the end of the year , everyone 's being cautious , and i 'm being cautious as well .
george north will not play against clermont auvergne on saturday and will see a neurosurgeon
north suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion after being knocked out against wasps on friday night
` i think it 's just ongoing to see how i am stage by stage .
` i 'll just see how i am with the stages , do the 20-minute bike , see how i am after that and take it from there . '
brown was knocked out cold in england 's 47-17 victory over italy at twickenham in the second round of rbs 6 nations action in february .
the harlequins flyer had hoped to recover in time to face ireland in dublin on march 1 , but pulled out in the build-up .
brown said increased awareness of the symptoms of concussion , driven by players undergoing world rugby online modules , helped him realise he would not be ready to face ireland .
brown ( left ) was knocked out cold in england 's 47-17 victory over italy at twickenham in february
the full back ( centre ) was immediately treated by the england medical team after being concussed vs italy
` learning about all the symptoms was massive , ' said brown , speaking for land rover 's ` we deal in real ' campaign .
` i pulled out on the tuesday before the ireland game with the symptoms , and i could maybe have tried to carry on with training , but being aware of the symptoms was important .
` so just knowing the dangers of the long and short-term dangers , how important it is to be honest and how serious it can be , i think those are the main things i took from the online courses .
` after the france game i had a headache and could ( have ) easily thought " it 's sarries , it 's wembley and i 'll give it a go " , but we 're so clued up on it now that i do n't think anyone would risk it .
brown ( right ) says he suffered a headache after playing in england 's clash against france last month
` if i can do it , pulling out of england-ireland , the biggest game of the six nations at that point , then i think anyone can do it , and should do it .
` now i 've been through it i would definitely talk to team-mates urging them not to play on if i thought they were showing symptoms .
` at the time you think it 's a pain but now i 'm very glad i took those online modules .
` it 's just not worth pushing through . '
land rover ambassador mike brown was speaking at the launch of ` we deal in real ' , land rover 's rugby world cup 2022 campaign that champions people at the heart and soul of the game by putting grassroots clubs on the global stage .
</Article>

<Summary>
mike brown admitted he would adopt a ' cautious ' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback .
the england full-back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of harlequins ' aviva premiership clash with saracens last weekend .
northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions , while ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Mike Brown admitted he would adopt a "cautious" approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback.
2. The article states that Brown is unsure when he will return after pulling out of Harlequins' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens last weekend.
3. The summary does not mention that Brown was knocked out cold in England's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in February, as stated in the article.
4. The summary does not mention that Brown had hoped to recover in time to face Ireland in Dublin on March 1, but pulled out in the build-up, as stated in the article.
5. The summary does not mention that Brown said increased awareness of the symptoms of concussion, driven by players undergoing World Rugby online modules, helped him realize he would not be ready to face Ireland, as stated in the article.
6. The summary does not mention that Brown suffered a headache after playing in England's clash against France last month, as stated in the article.
7. The summary does not mention that Brown is determined not to suffer an extended break and will not rush himself back to action ahead of time, as stated in the article.
8. The summary does not mention that Brown was speaking at the launch of "We Deal in Real," Land Rover's Rugby World Cup 2022 campaign, as stated in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include several key points that are mentioned in the article, such as Brown's experience with concussion, his uncertainty about when he will return, and his determination to be cautious with his recovery.

###Corrected:
