<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
big beauty : tibetan mastiffs can weigh 80 kg
just a year ago they could command prices of up to £ 1.2 million each .
but tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses -- and their meat put into cheap hotpots .
the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown .
previously , wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions .
luo yi , general manager of china 's largest tibetan mastiff puppy farm , told people 's daily online : ` the anti-corruption drive means people not daring to hand them out as gifts - nor would anyone take one as a gift . '
it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50 kg in several chinese cities - including beijing , zhengzhou , shanghai and tianjin - has had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity .
tibetan mastiffs -- which were traditionally used in tibet to herd other animals and are known for their loyalty - can weigh up to 80 kg .
china 's mastiff market collapse was revealed after animal-welfare workers rescued a group of the dogs that were being transported to a slaughterhouse .
the abattoir they were heading to provides hotpot meat for restaurants .
the dogs ' skin can also be used for leather belts .
rescuers said they found the 20 mastiffs in cramped cages .
a third of the dogs were already dead and none had been given food or water for three days .
several were suffering from broken bones .
shocking trade : twenty tibetan mastiffs were recently found crammed into cages on their way to a slaughterhouse like the dogs in this picture - taken on a motorway in the chinese capital beijing in 2009
it is feared that across china hundreds of the dogs are meeting such a cruel fate .
mastiffs are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs , who sell them to the slaughterhouses , say animal charities .
unscrupulous breeders are also offloading their ` imperfect ' specimens to the abattoirs .
luo yi , whose puppy farm is in tibet , said some of his fellow breeders had damaged the quality of the breed to make more money .
` driven by profits there was a lot of cross-breeding which resulted in a deterioration of the tibetan mastiff in terms of appearance as well as temperament , ' he explained .
there was now a glut of poor-quality dogs that ca n't be sold , he added .
loyal : tibetan mastiffs , like the one here , were originally used by people in tibet to herd other animals
in their heyday : a visitor plays with one of the dogs at a tibetan mastiff show in shenyang city four years ago
meanwhile , chen youjun a specialist in tibetan mastiff photography , said : ` the rapid pace of urbanisation across china has made more and more people now realise tibetan mastiffs are not animals well-suited to city living . '
the breed 's boom began in 2005 and led to the dogs being seen as status symbols .
just 13 months ago one puppy sold for £ 1.2 million , which is thought to be the highest price ever paid for a dog .
a property develop bought the golden-haired one-year-old from breeder zhang gengyun in the eastern province of zhejiang .
mr zhang said of his dogs : ` they have lion 's blood and are top-of-the-range mastiff studs . '
most expensive dog in the world : the gold-maned tibetan mastiff pup ( left ) sold last year in east china for £ 1.2 million .
the red pup of the same breed ( right ) fetched nearly £ 600,007 .
the dogs are seen with a model
</Article>

<Summary>
tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses .
tibetan mastiffs has had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity .
mastiffs are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Tibetan Mastiffs are being sent to slaughterhouses, which is not consistent with the article. The article does mention that some dogs are being sent to slaughterhouses, but it also highlights the decline in popularity of the breed and the impact of the anti-corruption crackdown, rather than simply stating that the dogs are being sent to slaughterhouses.
2. The summary does not mention the anti-corruption crackdown, which is a significant factor in the decline of the Tibetan Mastiff breed, according to the article.
3. The summary mentions "ruthless gangs" stealing the dogs, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary states that the breed's popularity has had a huge impact on the breed's popularity, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article. It omits important details and highlights different aspects of the situation, which results in an inaccurate summary of the article's content.

###Corrected:
