<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
it 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground .
but cooper the labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .
but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
gallegos , who runs dogpatch resort , says that cooper always eats very quickly .
therefore , she always makes sure daisy gets her fill first before offering the meal on .
to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
weekly treat : katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take cooper the dog ( right ) to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy
dining etiquette : but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite
while some viewers have deemed the scene ` cute ' and ` hilarious ' , others have criticized gallegos for feeding her pups the creamy treat .
however , the animal-lover who runs a dog resort , insists that it 's perfectly fine .
in response to comments , she wrote : ` i love that so many people are concerned ... cooper is quite the athlete and in amazing health .
` i lost my sammy ( a large breed mutt ) last year at 19 years old ... he had an ice cream about once a week like cooper .
down in one bite : gallegos says that cooper always eats very quickly
fan club : to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times
` little daisy on the other hand , gets only a few licks every now and again because of her size . '
it seems that the two canines have quite a penchant for fast food .
indeed , another video shows the duo visiting a starbucks for a ` pup-uccino ' .
again , cooper takes the whole cup away in his mouth to demolish the contents .
gallegos notes that the beverage does not contain any coffee and is merely a dollop of ` whip cream in a cup ' .
</Article>

<Summary>
weekly treat : katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take cooper the dog ( right ) to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy 
dining etiquette : but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite 
while some viewers have deemed the scene ` cute ' and ` hilarious ' , others have criticized gallegos for feeding her pups the creamy treat . 
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "while some viewers have deemed the scene 'cute' and 'hilarious', others have criticized gallegos for feeding her pups the creamy treat." However, the article does not mention anyone criticizing Gallegos for feeding her pups ice cream. Instead, the article states that Gallegos insists it's perfectly fine to give her dogs ice cream.
2. The summary states that Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone in one bite, but the article states that Cooper always eats very quickly, not that he gobbles the rest of the cone in one bite.
3. The summary does not mention the detail that Daisy, the small female pup, takes a few ladylike licks, while the article includes this information.
4. The summary does not mention the detail that Gallegos always makes sure Daisy gets her fill first before offering the meal, while the article includes this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary leaves out important details, adds incorrect information, and does not accurately represent the content of the article.

###Corrected:
