<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time .
barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including bill " bojangles " robinson and frank sinatra .
there were motion pictures made of barker , but she had never seen any of them .
moreover , her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years .
so she had never seen herself actually dancing -- until now .
mark cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of " soundies " -- early music videos -- and showed them to barker at the nursing home where she lives .
the ageless dancer was delighted .
" it 's just fabulous , " she said .
</Article>

<Summary>
barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s .
she had never seen herself dancing -- until now .
mark cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of `` soundies '' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots such as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s.
2. The article also states that Barker had never seen any motion pictures of herself dancing before, and that all of her photographs and memorabilia had been lost over the years.
3. The summary states that Barker had never seen herself dancing before, but it does not mention anything about her not having any photographs or memorabilia.
4. The article goes on to say that Mark Cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of "soundies" (early music videos) and showed them to Barker at the nursing home where she lives, and that she was delighted to see herself dancing.
5. The summary does not mention anything about the video or Barker's reaction to seeing herself dance.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include information about the video and Barker's reaction to seeing herself dance, which are key details in the article.

###Corrected:
