<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
a quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two french tourists who tried to set the australian animal alight .
the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 .
the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame .
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3
detectives went to rottnest island on saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act .
both men aged 18 and 24 , and both currently living in cockburn central , were evicted from the island .
they have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in fremantle magistrates court on april 17 .
the size of a domestic cat
quokkas can be found on some small islands off the west australian coast
in particular off rottnest island off perth and bald island near albany
the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged
</Article>

<Summary>
two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 .
the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame .
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that two French male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter, causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island.
2. However, the article states that two men, aged 18 and 24, who are currently living in Cockburn Central, were evicted from the island and charged with animal cruelty for allegedly igniting an aerosol spray with a lighter and causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on Rottnest Island.
3. The article does not mention anything about the men being French, which contradicts the summary.
4. The summary also states that the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame, which is consistent with the article.
5. Therefore, the inconsistency in the summary is due to the incorrect nationality of the men being described as French, which is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
