<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    bradley cooper was nominated for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 . 

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film " american sniper " despite objections from some students .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students .
bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 .
some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
michigan 's detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population .
but there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider .
on wednesday , e. royster harper , university of michigan 's vice president for student life , said in a statement that " it was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie ` american sniper ' on campus as part of a social event for students " and that the show will go on .
" the initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the university of michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters , " the statement said .
umix will offer a screening of the family-friendly " paddington " for those who would rather not attend " american sniper . "
the announcement drew praise from michigan head football coach jim harbaugh . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the provided summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, but the article does not mention anything about Oscar nominations.
2. The summary states that Chris Kyle was fatally shot at a Texas shooting range in 2013, but the article does not mention the date or location of his death.
3. The summary mentions that some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq war reflected negatively on the Middle East and people from that region, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary states that the university decided to proceed with the screening of the movie after a backlash to the initial decision to cancel it, but the article does not mention any backlash or controversy.
5. The summary mentions a counter-petition asking school officials to reconsider, but the article does not mention any petitions or protests.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
