<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal .
the 18-year-old was mucking out as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . 

    Article: 
    there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .
ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal
teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton
` it was just a blur , ' he said .
` i could n't work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay .
all the other jockeys asked me if i was all right and stuff , they all watched with me and looked away in horror .
it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen .
` there was nothing i could do to avoid it , you just have to let it take its course and hope it 's not a bad one .
i 've been very lucky .
i got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it 's all good banter .
` given the somersaults , maybe i 'll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Lewis Ferguson has "just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal." However, the article does not mention any ordeal or injury to Ferguson's nose. In fact, the article states that Ferguson was "back riding out" and was undeterred from getting back in the saddle, which suggests that he did not suffer any serious injuries.
2. The summary also states that Ferguson had a "spectacular double somersault fall" and that he was "flung from his horse in spectacular fashion." However, the article does not mention any double somersault fall or spectacular fashion. Instead, the article states that Ferguson had a fall during the 4.20 pm race at Wincanton and that he was flung from his horse, but it does not provide any additional details about the nature of the fall.
3. The summary quotes Ferguson as saying "it was just a blur" and "i couldn't work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay." However, these quotes are not found in the article.
4. The summary also states that Ferguson "got a bit of abuse from the lads" and picked up "a few hundred Twitter followers." Again, there is no mention of this in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, such as Ferguson's nose injury, the double somersault fall, and the abuse and Twitter followers. Therefore, the summary is not an accurate representation of the article.

###Corrected:
