<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said .
an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness .
the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said .
cnn 's masoud popalzai reported from kabul , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong .
cnn 's elizabeth joseph contributed to this report .
</Article>

<Summary>
suicide attack hit group around 10 a.m. local time , police say .
suicide attack kills 17 people and wounding dozens more , police say .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday, killing 17 people and wounding dozens more.

2. However, the summary only mentions that the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time, without specifying the number of casualties.

3. The article also reports that an Afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded in the attack, but this information is not included in the summary.

4. Furthermore, the summary states that no other organization has so far claimed responsibility for the attack, but the article quotes a Taliban spokesman denying his group's involvement.

5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it fails to mention the number of casualties, the involvement of an Afghan lawmaker, and the denial of responsibility by the Taliban.

###Corrected:
