<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .
though the 25-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter .
" meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , " houston said .
" we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time . "
houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told cnn .
she also has a tracheostomy in her throat , the source said .
the reports come two days after brown 's father , bobby brown , said his daughter 's condition had improved .
" i can say today , bobbi is awake .
she 's watching me , " brown told the audience at dallas ' verizon theatre .
in a statement monday , an attorney for the brown family said that bobbi kristina brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen .
" doctors have indicated that she will have a long life , " attorney christopher brown said .
" however , bobbi kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process , and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . "
who 's who in the bobbi kristina brown case ?
bobby brown was in an " emotional state " on stage when he made the remarks about his daughter being awake , according to the statement .
" she has made it out of icu , opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard , " said bobby brown 's wife , alicia etheredge-brown .
</Article>

<Summary>
bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother says .
she told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Based on the given article and summary, there are several inconsistencies that can be identified:

Step 1: Inconsistency in the summary

The summary states that Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," which is not supported by the article. The article states that she has made some progress and is no longer in a medically induced coma, but it does not mention any irreversible brain damage.

Step 2: Inconsistency in the grandmother's statement

The summary quotes Cissy Houston, Bobbi Kristina's grandmother, as saying that her granddaughter has "global and irreversible brain damage." However, in the article, Cissy Houston's statement does not mention any irreversible brain damage. Instead, she states that Bobbi Kristina remains unresponsive and has a long rehabilitation ahead of her.

Step 3: Inconsistency in Bobby Brown's statement

The summary quotes Bobby Brown as saying that his daughter is awake and watching him, which is not supported by the article. The article states that Bobby Brown made these comments while in an "emotional state" on stage, and that doctors have indicated that Bobbi Kristina will have a long life but the quality of her life remains uncertain.

Step 4: Inconsistency in the attorney's statement

The summary quotes an attorney for the Brown family as saying that Bobbi Kristina's condition has improved but the quality of her life remains to be seen. However, the article does not mention any improvement in Bobbi Kristina's condition. Instead, it states that she remains unresponsive and has a long rehabilitation ahead of her.

Therefore, based on the inconsistencies identified above, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary exaggerates the severity of Bobbi Kristina's condition and includes statements that are not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
