<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
a police corruption trial in philadelphia is far from over , but already one trial witness has been handed a losing verdict .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana .
kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the jack m. barrack hebrew academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana
he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
that history came as news to officials at jack m. barrack hebrew academy in suburban bryn mawr .
kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010 , head of school sharon levin told the philadelphia inquirer .
kushner testified that the 2007 charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence .
on cross-examination , he acknowledged that he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation .
he also pleaded guilty to driving under the influence in 2008 .
this undated photo combination provided by the philadelphia police department shows from top left to right , philadelphia police officers thomas liciardello , brian reynolds , michael spicer , and from bottom left to right , perry betts , linwood norman and john speiser , all of whom were arrested and charged in the 26-count indictment include racketeering conspiracy , extortion , robbery , kidnapping and drug dealing
kushner told the newspaper that he never meant to deceive the school , where he worked as a seasonal employee .
and he believes he is innocent of the 2011 charges .
` all of the stuff that happened in 2007 , that was eight years ago and was a bad phase of my life that i 've moved past and never really looked back , ' kushner said wednesday .
" i 'm very sorry , and i want the best for the kids . "
he also coaches in a narberth summer league , where director dan kazanicka described him as an excellent coach who is good with kids .
lawyers for the six former drug squad officers accused of racketeering have said the government case is based on 19 lying drug dealers and a rogue ex-cop .
</Article>

<Summary>
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy .
he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
kushner had passed a background check when he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. The summary states that witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy, but the article does not mention this.
2. The summary mentions that Kushner told jurors that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest, but the article does not include this information.
3. The summary states that Kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that Kushner was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation, but the article does not include this information.
5. The summary states that Kushner pleaded guilty to driving under the influence in 2008, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
