<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange ( above ) , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off
a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie , attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
the news that o'carroll is a backer of hacked off will be an embarrassment to the group .
pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the national council for civil liberties ( nccl ) .
the nccl lobbied parliament for the age of sexual consent to be cut to ten as long as the child ` understood the nature of the act ' and apparently consented .
the group also wanted incest to be legalised .
o'carroll was on the nccl 's gay rights sub-committee .
the 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ` corrupting public morals ' .
he wrote a blog after the february meeting , chaired by comedian john cleese , confirming his attendance .
a hacked off spokesman said that the meeting was ` open to and free for all members of the public to attend ' .
o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation , which john cleese ( left ; right in fawlty towers ) chaired
</Article>

<Summary>
tom o’carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘ biased and unfair’ independent press standards organisation .
it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the given article and summary, there are several inconsistencies that can be identified:

1. The summary states that Tom O'Carroll is a "leading member" of the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE), but the article does not provide any information to support this claim. The article only mentions that O'Carroll was a "former open university information officer" and a "key activist" for PIE, which is not the same as being a leading member.
2. The summary states that PIE campaigned to legalize child sex, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that PIE campaigned for the age of sexual consent to be cut to ten as long as the child "understood the nature of the act" and apparently consented, which is a different thing.
3. The summary does not mention that O'Carroll was jailed for "corrupting public morals" or that he attended a hacked off rally in the Houses of Parliament. These details are only provided in the article.
4. The summary does not mention that the meeting was chaired by comedian John Cleese, which is mentioned in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates O'Carroll's role in PIE, misrepresents the group's campaign goals, and omits important details about O'Carroll's criminal history and his attendance at the hacked off rally. These inconsistencies may be due to a lack of attention to detail or a deliberate attempt to mislead the reader.

###Corrected:
