<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the former all black , who denies the allegations , was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup .
world cup winning rugby star mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault .
he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police . 

    Article: 
    world cup winning rugby star mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault .
the former all black , who denies the allegations , was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup .
he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police .
the 34-year-old full back , who has 100 caps for the all blacks , was led away by officers at the kingsholm stadium last night in connection with an allegation in cardiff in march .
former all black mils muliaina , pictured last night playing in connacht 's 14-7 defeat against gloucester , was arrested after the game in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in cardiff from march
married muliaina is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar in the brewery quarter of cardiff city centre after his irish team connacht played against cardiff blues last month .
he was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in cardiff yesterday .
his solicitor matthew de maid said : ` he totally denies all the allegations .
he has been helping police with their inquiries and he has n't been charged with anything . '
a spokesperson for gloucestershire police said : ` a man in his 30s was arrested at kingsholm stadium on friday 3rd april on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in cardiff in march .
muliaina is led away by police following his side 's 14-7 defeat by gloucester on friday night
the former all black was arrested at kingsholm and then led to a police van where he was detained
muliaina 's arrest was captured live on sky sports following the challenge cup quarter-final
` the man has been handed over to officers from south wales police who are investigating the incident . '
muliaina had been playing for the irish provincial team against the cardiff blues on march 6 .
he retired from the all blacks in 2011 .
a spokesperson for the team said : ` connacht rugby can confirm that player mils muliaina is currently assisting the south wales police with enquiries relating to an alleged incident in cardiff in march of this year .
` as this is a legal matter , connacht rugby will be making no further comment at this time . '
the allegation is believed to date from connacht 's visit to the cardiff blues on march 6
muliaina has 100 caps for the all blacks and retired from international rugby after the 2011 world cup victory
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the reasons why the summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps to explain my reasoning:

Step 1: Identify the summary and the article

The summary is: "the former all black, who denies the allegations, was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup."

The article is: "world cup winning rugby star mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault."

Step 2: Identify the inconsistencies

The summary states that the former all black was arrested "last night" and that his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the European Challenge Cup. However, the article states that Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March, and that he was bailed after being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff.

Step 3: Analyze the reasons for the inconsistencies

The reason for the inconsistencies is that the summary is not based on the article. The summary is not supported by the information in the article, which states that Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March, rather than being arrested after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the European Challenge Cup.

Step 4: Conclude

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it is not based on the information provided in the article. The article does not support the statements made in the summary, and the summary is not a accurate reflection of the information in the article.

###Corrected:
