<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film " american sniper " despite objections from some students .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students .
bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 .
some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
michigan 's detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population .
but there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider .
on wednesday , e. royster harper , university of michigan 's vice president for student life , said in a statement that " it was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie ` american sniper ' on campus as part of a social event for students " and that the show will go on .
" the initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the university of michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters , " the statement said .
umix will offer a screening of the family-friendly " paddington " for those who would rather not attend " american sniper . "
the announcement drew praise from michigan head football coach jim harbaugh .
</Article>

<Summary>
( cnn ) the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film " american sniper " despite objections from some students .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students .
bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper" despite objections from some students.
2. The summary only mentions that the university has decided to proceed with the screening, without mentioning any objections from students.
3. The article states that more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix, a series of social events the university stages for students.
4. The summary does not mention the petition or any objections from students.
5. The article states that Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL and the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history.
6. The summary does not mention anything about Bradley Cooper or the Oscar nomination.
7. The article states that some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq war reflected negatively on the Middle East and people from that region.
8. The summary does not mention anything about the movie's depiction of the Iraq war or any negative impact on the Middle East.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it leaves out several important details and does not accurately represent the content of the article.

###Corrected:
