<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack . 

    Article: 
    kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said .
an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness .
the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said .
cnn 's masoud popalzai reported from kabul , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong .
cnn 's elizabeth joseph contributed to this report . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that an Afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded in the attack, but the article does not mention any lawmaker being wounded.
2. The article states that the protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor, but the summary does not mention any protest or rally.
3. The article states that the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time, but the summary does not mention the time of the attack.
4. The article mentions that the Taliban spokesman denied his group was responsible for the attack, but the summary does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
