<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities .
</Article>

<Summary>
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that the seizure of 2 tons of cocaine is the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities. However, the article states that the seizure of nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of cocaine in November was also carried out by French authorities.
2. The article does not mention the seizure of 2 tons of cocaine. Only the summary mentions it.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article. The article only mentions one seizure of cocaine in November, while the summary mentions two seizures, one in November and one of 2 tons of cocaine.
4. The summary is not accurate because it includes information that is not present in the article. The article does not mention a seizure of 2 tons of cocaine, only one seizure of nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of cocaine in November.
5. The summary is also not consistent with the article because it includes different amounts of cocaine seized. The article states that 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of cocaine were seized in November, while the summary states that 2 tons of cocaine were seized.
6. Therefore, the summary is not a reliable representation of the information in the article. It includes inaccurate and inconsistent information that is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
