<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    attack : mike lane ,40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , on the ground during the confrontation with hunt saboteurs 
a video of the incident and a dossier of evidence , including some names of saboteurs and their car registration numbers , was given to wiltshire police after the assault . 
james cameron , 53 , vice-chairman of the tedworth hunt , added : ` their decision is disappointing , but this highlights how difficult it is for police to do their job when saboteurs turn up wearing face coverings . '  

    Article: 
    police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place -- despite a wealth of evidence pointing to the identity of a suspected attacker .
last night the victim , mike lane , 40 , who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic ' .
he said : ` they could have made more effort .
i 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found .
we find it pathetic . '
attack : mike lane ,40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , on the ground during the confrontation with hunt saboteurs
a video of the incident and a dossier of evidence , including some names of saboteurs and their car registration numbers , was given to wiltshire police after the assault .
the attack at everleigh , near amesbury , took place even though the 30 riders and their hounds were chasing only an artificial scent , rather than a fox .
during the incident , mr lane , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , was sent flying to the ground , before being kicked in the head .
he was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen .
since the attack he has suffered memory loss .
the face of the thug who kicked mr lane was captured on video .
following the attack , wiltshire police issued the suspect 's photograph , although he has not been identified .
in an exclusive interview with the mail on sunday , mr lane said : ` i 've been told by police they are shelving their inquiries due to insufficient evidence .
it 's angered us because we gave them evidence .
i 'm beginning to lose my trust in the police . '
wiltshire police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information , but their failure to identify , charge or prosecute anyone involved has dismayed hunt supporters across the country .
this is the face of the main suspect
on the day of the attack , january 24 , about 15 protesters sprayed hounds with the perfumed chemical citronella to distract them from the scent .
mr lane said : ` i noticed they parked about 250 yards away .
then five came towards us .
they were looking for trouble -- it was a hardcore element we 'd not seen before .
` they were abusive and then one spat at me and then punched me in the face .
a scuffle broke out and i slipped and one started kicking me in the head , stamped on me and the heel of his steel toe-capped trainer stuck in my mouth .
i was knocked out for a few minutes .
then the chap started swinging a rope with an iron bar . '
mr lane , who has paid £ 500 for dental treatment since the attack , added : ` i feel let down and think the police could have done more . '
karen fieldsend , 42 , who made the call to police , is furious that the case has been dropped .
` it 's disgraceful , ' she said .
` if you had people assaulted in a city centre , something would be done , but in the countryside people forget about it . '
james cameron , 61 , vice-chairman of the tedworth hunt , added : ` their decision is disappointing , but this highlights how difficult it is for police to do their job when saboteurs turn up wearing face coverings . '
the countryside alliance is campaigning to ban saboteurs from wearing a face covering so criminals can be brought to justice .
last night a spokesman for wiltshire police said : ` we have been unable to move the inquiry further forward .
at this stage the case has been recorded as undetected , however should other evidence come to light then it will be re-opened . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the police have dropped the investigation into the assault on Mike Lane, but the article states that the police have stopped the investigation pending further information.

2. The summary mentions that the attackers were wearing face coverings, but the article does not mention this.

3. The summary states that the attack took place during a hunt, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that the attack took place during a confrontation with hunt saboteurs.

4. The summary mentions that a video of the incident and a dossier of evidence were given to the police, but the article does not mention this.

5. The summary quotes Mike Lane as saying that the police could have done more, but the article does not include this quote.

6. The summary states that the case has been recorded as undetected, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
