<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february . 
gary locke has been given the job at kilmarnock on a permanent basis after a successful interim spell 
locke shakes hands with chairman jim mann after signing a three-year deal at the club  

    Article: 
    kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal .
the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer
but took control of the team when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february .
the 41-year-old - who will speak at a press conference on friday morning - has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park .
gary locke has been given the job at kilmarnock on a permanent basis after a successful interim spell
locke shakes hands with chairman jim mann after signing a three-year deal at the club 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Gary Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer. However, the article states that he joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer, but took control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of February. This indicates that the summary is not consistent with the article, as it does not mention Locke taking control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit.
2. The summary states that Locke has been given the job on a permanent basis after a successful interim spell. This is consistent with the article, which states that Locke has been given the job on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal.
3. The summary states that Locke shakes hands with chairman Jim Mann after signing a three-year deal at the club. This is consistent with the article, which states that Locke shakes hands with chairman Jim Mann after signing a three-year deal at the club.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not mention Locke taking control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit, which is a key detail that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
