<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the collection will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29 .  the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .  the two face mask from batman forever is valued at , $ 1,500 .  

    Article: 
    fans of blockbusters like men in black , batman forever and how the grinch stole christmas will have a chance to own a piece of hollywood history when an amazing collection of props and puppets goes under the hammer at the end of may .
the collection , which was created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker , will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29 .
the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .
alien edgar bug from men in black has an estimated value of $ 40,000 and could end up selling for much more
the two face mask from batman forever is valued at , $ 1,500 .
actor tommy lee jones played the villain
the grinch costume from the jim carrey film how the grinch stole christmas is listed at $ 8,000
this mikey costume from men in black has an estimated value of $ 30,000 and is one of the pricier lots
this odd-looking hammerhead alien , which is also from men in black , was listed at $ 8,000 by prop store
the 417 original items are from more than 50 productions , according to icon versus icon .
during baker 's 30-year career , the 64-year-old worked on other films like an american werewolf in london , planet of the apes , batman & robin , hellboy and mighty joe young .
items from those movies , as well as from michael jackson 's 1988 moonwalker film and 1983 thriller music video , will all be sold to the highest bidder .
the iconic harry suit from harry and the hendersons is valued at $ 6,000 but will likely sell for more than that
this bat gremlin from gremlins 2 : the new batch has a value of $ 8,000 and is one of a few gremlins items
the mohawk mogwai puppet from gremlins 2 : the new batch is listed at $ 8,000 .
remember , do n't get it wet
this frozen thug statue from batman & robin is named frosty and it has an estimated value of $ 4,000
this bat puppet from batman forever is listed at $ 6,000 and it comes with the message : the evil setrakian '
brandon alinger of prop store said : ' " we are delighted to offer a no reserve live auction of over 400 items direct from rick baker 's cinovation studio to the public .
` baker 's career needs no introduction and it 's been an honor to work with him to prepare this sale , which spans his 30-plus years in the business .
` the rick baker auction is an exciting opportunity for collectors and fans of the make-up artist to have a chance to take home some of the brilliant creations from their favorite films . " '
the worm guy from men in black ii has been valued at $ 10,000 and is one of a handful of mib items
this michael jackson robotic transformation face is from the film moonwalker and it has a value of $ 3,000
the hero joe head from mighty joe young has a value of $ 6,000 .
baker also worked on planet of the apes .
this daffy gremlin puppet from gremlins 2 is valued at $ 6,000 and is one of more than 400 of baker 's items 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the collection will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com on May 29. However, the article does not mention the date or the location of the auction.
2. The summary mentions that the collection is worth an estimated $746,100 and that individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000. However, the article does not provide any estimated values for the collection or the individual items.
3. The summary lists the two face masks from Batman Forever as being valued at $1,500 each. However, the article does not mention the value of the face masks.
4. The summary states that the Alien Edgar Bug from Men in Black has an estimated value of $40,000 and could end up selling for much more. However, the article does not mention the value of the Alien Edgar Bug.
5. The summary mentions the Grinch costume from the Jim Carrey film How the Grinch Stole Christmas being listed at $8,000. However, the article does not mention the Grinch costume.
6. The summary states that the Mikey costume from Men in Black has an estimated value of $30,000 and is one of the pricier lots. However, the article does not mention the Mikey costume.
7. The summary lists the odd-looking hammerhead alien from Men in Black as being listed at $8,000 by Prop Store. However, the article does not mention the hammerhead alien.
8. The summary states that the 417 original items are from more than 50 productions, according to Icon versus Icon. However, the article does not mention the number of productions or the source of the information.
9. The summary mentions that items from Michael Jackson's 1988 Moonwalker film and 1983 Thriller music video will be sold at the auction. However, the article does not mention these items.
10. The summary states that the iconic Harry suit from Harry and the Hendersons is valued at $6,000

###Corrected:
