<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    alice barker was a dancer in new york as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar . 
 `` soundies , '' mark cantor of jazz-on-film , was in a video of her music videos . 
 she said she did n't know what she had dancing .  

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time .
barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including bill " bojangles " robinson and frank sinatra .
there were motion pictures made of barker , but she had never seen any of them .
moreover , her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years .
so she had never seen herself actually dancing -- until now .
mark cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of " soundies " -- early music videos -- and showed them to barker at the nursing home where she lives .
the ageless dancer was delighted .
" it 's just fabulous , " she said . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Alice Barker was a dancer at the Cotton Club and Cafe Zanzibar, but the article does not mention the Cotton Club.

2. The summary states that Mark Cantor of Jazz-on-Film showed Alice Barker videos of her music videos, but the article does not mention Mark Cantor or Jazz-on-Film.

3. The summary states that Alice Barker had never seen herself dancing before, but the article states that she had never seen any of her motion pictures and did not have any photographs or memorabilia.

4. The summary states that Alice Barker said she did not know what she had been dancing, but the article states that she was delighted to see the "soundies" (early music videos) of herself dancing.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not present in the article, and it omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
