<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall . 
 ferguson was flung from his horse in the 4.20 pm on thursday morning . 
 ferguson 's double somersault fall from merrion square was watched online . 

    Article: 
    there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .
ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal
teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton
` it was just a blur , ' he said .
` i could n't work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay .
all the other jockeys asked me if i was all right and stuff , they all watched with me and looked away in horror .
it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen .
` there was nothing i could do to avoid it , you just have to let it take its course and hope it 's not a bad one .
i 've been very lucky .
i got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it 's all good banter .
` given the somersaults , maybe i 'll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Lee Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in the 4.20 pm race on Thursday morning, but the article does not mention any race or time.
2. The summary mentions a double somersault fall, but the article only mentions a fall and does not specify the type of fall.
3. The summary states that Ferguson was watched online, but the article does not mention anything about being watched online.
4. The summary mentions that Ferguson was back riding out and undeterred from getting back in the saddle, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that Ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall, but the article mentions that he had a cut on his nose and a few bruises.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article as it contains details that are not present in the article and omits other details that are present in the article.

###Corrected:
