<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities .
</Article>

<Summary>
french customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean . 
 french authorities arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vessel off martinique . 
 martinique 's value is estimated at more than $ 105 million . 
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the sailboat was off the coast of Martinique when it was seized, but the summary claims that the vessel was flying an American flag in the Caribbean. This is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of the vessel flying an American flag.
2. The article states that the drugs seized have an estimated value of more than $105 million, but the summary states that the value of the drugs is estimated at more than $105 million. This is a minor inconsistency, but it is still not accurate to state the value of the drugs in the summary without providing a source or evidence for the estimate.
3. The article states that French customs officials arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens on board the vessel, but the summary only mentions one Venezuelan citizen. This is an inconsistency in the number of individuals arrested.
4. The article states that Martinique is an overseas department of France, but the summary does not include this information. This is a significant inconsistency, as the article provides context about the location of the seizure and the fact that Martinique is a French territory.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omits important information.

###Corrected:
