<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
four royal navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a canadian barracks must stay in nova scotia until they have been tried . the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , near halifax , where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years . bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in halifax . accused : joshua finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer from stockbridge , hampshire , arrives at court today . two of the accused , simon radford , 31 , of gosport , hampshire and craig stoner , 24 , from stonehouse , gloucestershire hid their faces as they were led to a provincial court in dartmouth , nova scotia . darren smalley , 35 , of gosport , hampshire , and his co-accused were ordered to surrender their passports as part of their bail conditions . in a deal agreed with the british government , they will also continue to work for the royal navy and draw their current pay . it was not clear last night how they will keep themselves occupied thousands of miles from their shipmates and a representative from the british high commission who was in court refused to elaborate . the four – joshua finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer , craig stoner , 24 , simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 – had been playing for the royal navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the shearwater naval base just east of halifax . the alleged sexual assault , in which police sources say all four men had sexual intercourse with their victim , took place on april 10 after the sailors had returned to the barracks from a hockey game . sources say their victim , who is aged in her early 20s and lives in halifax , had accompanied a friend who had been invited to attend the party by local canadian servicemen . yesterday , all four men – three of them wearing black royal navy ice hockey team hoodies – looked relieved to be getting out of custody as they respectfully answered judge john macdougall’s questions . charged : royal navy sailors joshua finbow , 23 , ( left ) and simon radford , 31 , ( right ) appeared in court . held : craig stoner , 24 , ( left ) and darren smalley , 35 , ( right ) are being held by military police in canada . they all said they understood their bail conditions and crown prosecutor eric taylor said outside court that the accused had not asked to be returned to the uk . they were ordered to return to court on may 27 and given the names of seven people – the victim and six witnesses – who they were forbidden to contact . they must not leave the province of nova scotia and can not apply for new passports . they must remain employed by the navy and must not resign without the court’s permission . the four , no longer trying to hide their faces , later filed out of the court building and were driven away together in a large white suv to their new home on the close stadacona base . they ignored a question over how they might plead in the case . commander michael o’sullivan , the air and naval advisor at the british high commission , has spoken to the four and described the alleged offences as ‘serious’ but stressed they were as yet only allegations . naval base : the east coast navy base at halifax , nova scotia , near to where the alleged incident occurred . military base : an aerial view of the shearwater military base where four british sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian . the commander , who drove the car the men left the court in , added : ‘we’re assisting the canadian authorities with their investigation . ’ the four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault – offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison . crown prosecutor eric taylor said the investigation was still at an early stage and the results of forensic tests could result in additional charges . ‘ it will be up to the royal navy to decide now how to employ them while their charges are working their way through the court , ’ he said . canadian military investigators have described the alleged offences as ‘ a disturbing accusation of sexual assault’ . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
</Article>

<Summary>
joshua finbow , 35 , of gosport , hampshire , arrives at court today .
two of the accused gang rape of a young woman must stay in nova scotia .
they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in halifax , nova scotia .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. Inconsistent information: The summary states that "two of the accused" must stay in Nova Scotia, but the article states that all four accused sailors must stay in Nova Scotia.
2. Incorrect age: The summary states that Joshua Finbow is 35 years old, but the article states that he is 23 years old.
3. Incorrect location: The summary states that the accused must live at the "nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax, Nova Scotia," but the article does not mention Stadacona naval base.
4. Incorrect charge: The summary states that the accused are charged with "gang rape," but the article states that they are charged with "sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault."

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and inconsistencies compared to the original article. It is not a reliable summary of the article's content.

###Corrected:
