<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career rather than his international future .
sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england .
sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england . 

    Article: 
    jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career rather than his international future , according to tim sherwood .
sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old who starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday and is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england .
but sherwood wants grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team .
jack grealish takes on liverpool 's emre can at wembley during aston villa 's 2-1 victory at wembley
grealish ( centre ) impressed against liverpool and is wanted by the republic of ireland and england
` it 's up to jack where he wants to go .
it 's purely up to him .
what i 've got to do is make sure he 's got that decision to make .
he must be doing something right for aston villa if he 's got those options .
that 's my priority , ' sherwood told talksport .
` then it 's up to jack to decide where he wants to go .
i had the same situation with nabil bentaleb [ at tottenham ] , who could have played for france but decided to pick algeria .
i did have a chat with him and he asked me what to do .
i just said : " you 've got to go with your heart .
do you think you 're french or algerian ? "
` that 's the decision he had to make and now jack has got to make that decision .
he has to play a few more times for aston villa before he needs to make that decision .
when some kids come and play with the first team sometimes , they 're a bit overawed , but jack 's not .
` he receives the ball and dribbles it around people .
they kick lumps out of him because he 's so confident .
the ball is his friend , it sticks to his foot .
the more opportunities he gets , the better he 's going to become . '
grealish is expected to choose between ireland and england at the end of the season and sportsmail understands that he is split between the two countries at the moment .
grealish 's dad kevin agreed that his son must concentrate on his club football first .
` that is fantastic [ advice ] .
he had a good game against [ liverpool ] and a few games decent recently and he has to keep doing that first and the international stuff will come , ' he told talksport .
` it is going to be a difficult decision and it is completely up to jack .
` there is a friendly coming up soon and he could play 45 minutes for ireland and 45 minutes for england .
grealish ( left ) has played for the republic of ireland 's youth teams but england will hope to turn his head
tim sherwood celebrates villa 's win over liverpool and wants more of the same from grealish 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Sherwood is at the center of a tug of war between the Republic of Ireland and England, while the article only mentions that Sherwood wants Grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the Villa first team.
2. The summary suggests that Grealish must concentrate on his international future, while the article quotes Sherwood as saying that it's up to Grealish to decide where he wants to go and that he should focus on his Aston Villa career first.
3. The summary mentions that Grealish is wanted by both the Republic of Ireland and England, while the article only mentions that Grealish has played for the Republic of Ireland's youth teams but England will hope to turn his head.

Overall, the summary takes a more sensationalist approach and exaggerates the situation by implying that there is a tug of war between two countries, while the article presents a more balanced and realistic view of the situation.

###Corrected:
