<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west wales , it has emerged .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit .
those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said .
training : locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire in west wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit
speaking to ceredigion council , dc jones stressed that issues surrounding terrorism were not confined to large cities .
incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher abu hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train in the brecon beacons , in powys .
the area is one of several locations used by the british military for training .
its rugged terrain helps prepare soldiers , including elite forces personnel like the sas , physically and mentally for warfare .
in 2005 , two of the 7/7 bombers , mohammad sidique khan and shehzad tanweer , were photographed white water rafting at the national whitewater centre in bala , north wales .
five years later , three would-be terrorists from cardiff were arrested as part of an al-qaeda inspired gang who plotted a ` mumbai-style ' series of terror attacks on britain .
link : michael adebowale , left , one of the men convicted of murdering fusilier lee rigby , is understood to have studied arabic at the former european institute of human sciences at highmead , near llanybydder
omar latif , 28 , gurukanth desai , 30 , and abdul miah , 25 , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with mohammed chowdhury and shah rahman in a country park in wales .
and michael adebowale , one of the men convicted of murdering fusilier lee rigby , is understood to have studied arabic at the former european institute of human sciences at highmead , near llanybydder .
the centre is understood to have been set up by iraqi clerics .
speaking to councillors , dc jones said : ` this chap attended the institute for human sciences for quite some time .
it 's fair to say that is a connection to a horrendous terrorist attack in the uk .
would-be terrorists : omar latif , 28 , right , gurukanth desai , 30 , and abdul miah , 33 , left , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with mohammed chowdhury and shah rahman in a country park in wales
` ceredigion , pembrokeshire and powys have been used for radicalisation training .
` these people do turn up and take part in seemingly ordinary activities , but they do have an ulterior motive .
this does happen in ceredigion . '
dc jones added that community intelligence was important to authorities .
he said : ` it really is vital that if any intelligence comes from the community that we look at it .
</Article>

<Summary>
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims .
those involved in such activities ' take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' .
those involved in such activities ' take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. The summary states that locations in Ceredigion, Powys, and Pembrokeshire are being used to radicalize Muslims. However, the article does not mention anything about radicalization. Instead, it talks about terrorist training and the use of these locations for that purpose.
2. The summary implies that the individuals involved in these activities are participating in seemingly ordinary activities. However, the article reveals that these individuals are actually undergoing terrorist training in secret meetings and activities.
3. The summary does not provide any specific information about the activities or locations mentioned in the article. It simply states that the locations are being used for radicalization without providing any supporting details.

Therefore, based on the differences between the summary and the article, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. It appears to be a general summary of the topic without providing any specific information or details from the article.

###Corrected:
