<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal .
the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer
but took control of the team when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february .
the 41-year-old - who will speak at a press conference on friday morning - has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park .
gary locke has been given the job at kilmarnock on a permanent basis after a successful interim spell
locke shakes hands with chairman jim mann after signing a three-year deal at the club
</Article>

<Summary>
gary locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park .
the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston .
locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The first sentence of the summary is the same as the second sentence of the article. This indicates that the information in the summary is not consistent with the article.
2. The second sentence of the summary states that Gary Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston. However, the article states that he joined as interim manager after Allan Johnston quit.
3. The third sentence of the summary is also the same as the second sentence of the article, which indicates that the information in the summary is not consistent with the article.
4. The fourth sentence of the summary states that Locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park. This is not consistent with the article, which states that he has lost just once in seven games since taking over as interim manager.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccurate information about Locke's role at the club and his record since taking over.

###Corrected:
