<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said .
an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness .
the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said .
cnn 's masoud popalzai reported from kabul , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong .
cnn 's elizabeth joseph contributed to this report .
</Article>

<Summary>
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "an Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded." This information is not present in the summary.
2. The article mentions that the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time, but this information is not included in the summary.
3. The summary does not mention the fact that the Taliban spokesman denied his group's responsibility for the attack, as stated in the article.
4. The article mentions that no other organization has so far claimed responsibility for the attack, but this information is not present in the summary.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include all the information provided in the article, specifically the details about the timing of the attack, the involvement of the Taliban, and the lack of responsibility claims from other organizations.

###Corrected:
