<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said .
an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness .
the suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said .
cnn 's masoud popalzai reported from kabul , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong .
cnn 's elizabeth joseph contributed to this report .
</Article>

<Summary>
humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness . 
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said . 
an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan, killing 17 people and wounding dozens more.
2. The summary states that the protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor.

The inconsistency:

The article does not mention anything about a rally or protest against the provincial governor. Instead, it only states that the suicide bomber attacked a group of protesters. The summary, on the other hand, suggests that the protesters were on their way to join a larger rally.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it adds information that is not supported by the article. The article only mentions a suicide bombing attack on a group of protesters, but the summary adds the detail about the protesters being on their way to join a larger rally.

###Corrected:
