<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    tom o’carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .
pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the national council for civil liberties . 

    Article: 
    tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange ( above ) , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off
a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie , attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
the news that o'carroll is a backer of hacked off will be an embarrassment to the group .
pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the national council for civil liberties ( nccl ) .
the nccl lobbied parliament for the age of sexual consent to be cut to ten as long as the child ` understood the nature of the act ' and apparently consented .
the group also wanted incest to be legalised .
o'carroll was on the nccl 's gay rights sub-committee .
the 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ` corrupting public morals ' .
he wrote a blog after the february meeting , chaired by comedian john cleese , confirming his attendance .
a hacked off spokesman said that the meeting was ` open to and free for all members of the public to attend ' .
o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation , which john cleese ( left ; right in fawlty towers ) chaired 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Based on the provided text, here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally to lobby for state involvement in media regulation, but the article states that he attended the rally as a supporter of Hacked Off, not as a lobbyist.
2. The summary mentions that O'Carroll is a leading member of the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE), but the article does not mention this. Instead, it refers to him as a "former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for PIE".
3. The summary states that PIE campaigned for sex with children to be legalized, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that the organization formed an alliance with the National Council for Civil Liberties (NCCL) to campaign for the age of sexual consent to be lowered to ten, and for incest to be legalized.
4. The summary does not mention O'Carroll's conviction for "corrupting public morals" in 1981, which is mentioned in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it:

* Misrepresents O'Carroll's role in Hacked Off (he attended as a supporter, not as a lobbyist)
* Omits mention of O'Carroll's conviction for "corrupting public morals"
* Incorrectly states that PIE campaigned for sex with children to be legalized (the article states that the organization formed an alliance with NCCL to campaign for a lower age of consent, but does not mention legalization of sex with children)
* Includes information about PIE's campaigns that are not mentioned in the article (such as incest)

###Corrected:
