<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 .
one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun . 

    Article: 
    an african american teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing los angeles for $ 20 million .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn .
the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
suing la for millions : jamar nicholson ( left ) and his friend jason huerta ( right ) , who stand solemnly in the alleyway where nicholson was shot , are suing the city of los angeles for $ 20 million
nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive .
nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun .
` jamar is really lucky to be alive .
with respect to the other kids , they are lucky as well that they were n't hit .
it does n't appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol , ' jamar 's attorney herbert hayden told yahoo news .
the gun that officers thought was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake .
another attorney john w. harris who is representing nicholson and his friend 17-year-old jason huerta is arguing that nicholson and his friend posed no threat to police officers or themselves .
` the lapd shot first and then asked questions later , ' harris said .
the lapd says that at 7.45 am on february 10 , officers saw a teen holding what appeared to be a gun and they claim they told him to drop it .
: one of the teens present at the shooting was holding this fake gun with an orange tip that lapd say they thought was real
` officers ordered him to drop the weapon multiple times .
the individual ignored the officer 's commands , ' a police news release reads .
attorney hayden said that had a camera been rolling , the lapd 's story may have been expressed differently .
` the police department 's officers have each other 's backs .
if there is no camera rolling , they are free to construe the facts how they see fit , ' hayden said .
` it 's so bizarre in this incident that testimony of the people we interviewed is so drastically different from the story the lapd has been pumping out since this first started , ' he added .
hayden said that the officer who shot nicholson , miguel gutierrez , also shot and killed a dog in 2008 when responding to a traffic collision .
both nicholson and huerta said they feel traumatized by what happened to them .
seeking justice : jamar nicholson , second from left , listens to his attorney john harris speak during a press conference on wednesday in south los angeles where he was shot on february 10
nicholson said he had to miss school as a result of the shooting and said that he felt tremendous pain from his injuries .
` i see a cop and i get nervous , ' he said .
` i 've never really looked at police in a certain way , until that day . '
nicholson and huerta say they have never been in trouble with the law before .
` you can check our records , ' huerta insisted .
` that 's a bad way to meet officers , ' nicholson said .
` got off on the wrong foot , ' huerta said .
officer gutierrez has returned to full duty since the incident , though it remains under investigation . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary and the article. Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Jamar Nicholson was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun. However, the article states that Nicholson was shot in the back by Officer Miguel Gutierrez because one of the teenagers was holding a replica gun that the officers thought was real.

Inconsistency: The summary implies that Nicholson was shot because his friend was holding a toy gun, while the article states that he was shot because the officers thought the replica gun was real.

2. The summary states that Nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica gun. However, the article states that Nicholson was shot while he was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the toy gun with an orange tip indicating that it was fake.

Inconsistency: The summary and the article disagree on which teenager was holding the replica gun and which one was holding the toy gun with an orange tip.

3. The summary states that the officers thought the replica gun was real, but the article states that the officers thought the toy gun with an orange tip was real.

Inconsistency: The summary and the article disagree on what the officers thought was real.

4. The summary states that Nicholson was shot in the back, but the article states that he was shot in the back by Officer Gutierrez.

Inconsistency: The summary and the article disagree on the location of Nicholson's injury.

5. The summary states that the officers ordered the teenager holding the replica gun to drop it multiple times before shooting him. However, the article states that the officers ordered the teenager holding the toy gun with an orange tip to drop it multiple times before shooting him.

Inconsistency: The summary and the article disagree on which teenager was ordered to drop the gun and what type of gun he was holding.

6. The summary states that the officers shot and killed a dog in 2008 when responding to a traffic collision. However, there is no mention of this in the article.

Inconsist

###Corrected:
