<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities .
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities .
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities . 

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
    1. The first sentence of the summary is "the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities." The article does not support this statement. According to the article, the seizure of more than 2 tons of cocaine is the largest ever carried out by French authorities, but the drugs themselves are not described as the biggest cocaine seizure ever.
    2. The second sentence of the summary is identical to the first sentence, and for the same reason, it is not supported by the article.
    3. The third sentence of the summary is also not supported by the article. The article does not mention the vessel flying an American flag, and it does not provide any information about the nationality of the people arrested.
    4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations.

###Corrected:
