<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are in the fight against pacquiao .
mayweather has been dating UNK medina since last year .
mayweather has been dating UNK medina since last year .
click here for all the latest boxing news . 

    Article: 
    floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history .
here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2
wbc super-featherweight , wbc lightweight , wbc light-welterweight , ibf welterweight , wbc welterweight , wbc light-middleweight , wba light-middleweight
$ 440 million ( £ 295m )
mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements , although companies such as at&t and corona have sponsored his fights .
since leaving top rank in 2006 , mayweather has looked after his own interests and negotiated a 60-40 split in his favour for his fight against pacquiao .
be it private jets , million-pound super cars or expensive jewellery , mayweather is not afraid to show off his spending habits on social media .
he switched his ring moniker from pretty boy to money .
outside the ring , mayweather focuses on his business interests and has invested large sums of money in real estate .
it is predicted he will retire with as much as $ 100m ( £ 67m ) in the bank .
mayweather has been dating doralie medina since last year .
she has worked for his company since being recruited as a massage therapist in 2011 .
mayweather is currently trained by his uncle roger ( above ) and his father floyd snr .
mayweather counts justin bieber ( above ) and lil wayne among his celebrity fans .
wbc flyweight , ibf super-bantamweight , ibf featherweight , wbc super-featherweight , wbc lightweight , wbo welterweight , wbc light-middleweight
oscar de la hoya - dec 2008
$ 340 million ( £ 228m )
$ 5 million ( £ 3.4 m ) , including nike and nestle
pacquiao purchased a mansion in beverly hills as a retreat during his training camp but is not one to flash his money .
instead , he helps various charities through the official manny pacquiao foundation
pacquiao is a politician in the philippines having been elected as a congressman in 2010 .
he has ambitions to become his country 's president .
he is also deeply religious and has released several albums and starred in a number of films .
pacquiao also owns a basketball team and played several games in their debut season this year .
pacquiao has been married to jinkeee for 15 years and has five children : michael , israel , emmanuel , princess and queen elizabeth
pacquiao has been trained by freddie roach since 2001 .
pacquiao is promoted by bob arum 's top rank company .
actor mark wahlberg is a big fan of pacquiao . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can explain why the given summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps:

1. The summary states that Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are in the fight against each other, which is correct. However, the article does not mention any fight between the two boxers.
2. The summary mentions that Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year, which is not mentioned in the article.
3. The article states that Mayweather has been trained by his uncle Roger and his father Floyd Sr., but the summary does not mention this.
4. The summary mentions that Pacquiao has been married to Jinkee for 15 years and has five children, which is not mentioned in the article.
5. The summary states that Pacquiao purchased a mansion in Beverly Hills as a retreat during his training camp, but the article does not mention this.
6. The summary mentions that Pacquiao helps various charities through the Official Manny Pacquiao Foundation, which is not mentioned in the article.
7. The summary states that Pacquiao is a politician in the Philippines and has ambitions to become his country's president, which is not mentioned in the article.
8. The summary mentions that Pacquiao owns a basketball team and played several games in their debut season this year, which is not mentioned in the article.
9. The summary states that actor Mark Wahlberg is a big fan of Pacquiao, which is not mentioned in the article.

Therefore, based on the above steps, it is clear that the given summary is not consistent with the article. The summary contains information that is not mentioned in the article, and omits information that is mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
