<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    professor david UNK revealed in new book sex by numbers .
suggests britons are having sex with a ' very big split ' between public lives .
suggests britons are having sex has been in decline since emergence of the internet . 

    Article: 
    smartphone use may be to blame for a drop in the number of times couples are having sex each month , a leading expert has suggested .
research has revealed that the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet .
it comes after professor david spiegelhalter , a statistician at cambridge university , revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month .
research has revealed that the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet ( file picture )
this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times a month in 1990 , according to research published in prof spiegelhalter 's book sex by numbers .
according to the daily telegraph he told bbc radio 4 's woman 's hour programme : ` we used to have a very big separation between our public lives and our private lives - now they are so mixed up and integrated .
` people are checking their emails all the time , you do not have the same sort of quiet empty time that there used to be . '
in his book , prof spiegelhalter pointed to a number of possible factors for the decline in sexual activity with one possible explanation being that more people are living on their own .
passion killed : people are check their emails ` all the time ' , according to professor david spiegelhalter , a statistician at cambridge university ( file picture )
but he added : ` a more realistic explanation is that as we 've become better connected technologically , our lives have become busier with the boundaries eroded between home , work and the outside world .
this has squeezed out time we would have spent with our other halves .
the statistician quotes catherine mercer , a researcher on the british national survey , as saying : ` with an increasing number of competing demands on our time , sex just falls down our list of priorities . '
she adds that dealing with work emails late in the evening can mean that ` come bedtime , we 're just still too connected with everyone and everything out there to be able to focus just on our partner . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Professor David UNK revealed in a new book that Britons are having sex with a "very big split" between their public and private lives. However, the article does not mention a new book or any specific research by Professor David UNK.
2. The summary suggests that Britons are having less sex since the emergence of the internet, but the article only mentions a decline in sexual activity among couples, without specifying when this decline occurred.
3. The summary quotes Professor David Spiegelhalter as saying that people are checking their emails "all the time," which is not supported by the article. The article only mentions that people are checking their emails more frequently, but does not specify the frequency.
4. The summary suggests that the decline in sexual activity is due to a "very big split" between public and private lives, but the article does not provide any evidence to support this claim. Instead, the article suggests that the decline may be due to a variety of factors, including the integration of technology into daily life and the increasing number of competing demands on people's time.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it presents information that is not supported by the text. Specifically, the summary mentions a new book by Professor David UNK that is not mentioned in the article, and it attributes a quote to Professor David Spiegelhalter that is not supported by the text.

###Corrected:
