<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal .
he has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal .
he has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal . 

    Article: 
    there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .
ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal
teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton
` it was just a blur , ' he said .
` i could n't work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay .
all the other jockeys asked me if i was all right and stuff , they all watched with me and looked away in horror .
it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen .
` there was nothing i could do to avoid it , you just have to let it take its course and hope it 's not a bad one .
i 've been very lucky .
i got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it 's all good banter .
` given the somersaults , maybe i 'll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing . ' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Lewis Ferguson has "just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal," implying that he sustained only a minor injury from his fall. However, the article states that Ferguson suffered a "spectacular double somersault fall" and that it was "one of the most impressive falls [the author has] seen." This suggests that the fall was more severe and could have resulted in more serious injuries.
2. The summary does not mention the word "spectacular" or any other adjectives that describe the fall, whereas the article uses language like "spectacular," "impressive," and "horror" to emphasize the severity of the fall.
3. The summary does not mention Ferguson's reaction to the fall, whereas the article quotes him as saying "it was just a blur" and that he "couldn't work out what had happened until [he] got back to the weighing room and watched the replay." This suggests that Ferguson was shaken up by the fall and had a delayed reaction to it.
4. The summary does not mention Ferguson's comments about the fall being "impressive" or his thoughts about possibly pursuing a gymnastics career after his racing career, which are both included in the article.

Overall, the summary does not accurately convey the severity and details of Ferguson's fall, and is therefore not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
