<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique . 
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday . 
martinique is an overseas department of france . 

    Article: 
    ( cnn ) french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique .
officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday .
martinique is an overseas department of france .
in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms ( 550 pounds ) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the drugs are estimated to be worth over $105 million, but the article states that the drugs are worth over $105 million. This is a contradiction, as the summary and the article both provide the same value for the drugs.
2. The summary states that the seizure is the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, but the article does not mention this. The article simply states that it is the biggest cocaine seizure ever in Martinique.
3. The summary states that the sailboat was flying an American flag, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary states that the arrests were made on Wednesday, but the article states that the arrests were made on Saturday.

Based on these differences, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary contains information that is not present in the article, and omits information that is present in the article. Therefore, the summary cannot be trusted to accurately represent the content of the article.

###Corrected:
