Article:
A mother-of-three says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside. Ayesha Bhatti, 29, from Derby, found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks. The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of her family. Scroll down for video . Mother-of-three Ayesha Bhatti, 29, says she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps and discovered the world's smallest Wotsits inside . 'I have never seen Wotsits as small as that,' said the full-time mother, who bought the packets in the Derby branch of discount store Home Bargains on Wednesday last week. 'It's so funny. My family eats quite a lot of them and I like them because they're not oily like other crisps. 'I think these ones could possibly be the smallest in the world. What are the chances of finding so many at once? It's very unusual. 'They certainly wouldn't fill you up but I suppose they're good if you're on a diet.' The crisps were dwarved by the regular versions, which measure around 3.5cm, much to the amusement of Ms Bhatti and her family . Ms Bhatti said she has not contacted manufacturers Walkers over the minature crisps, but said she would do if she found more. 'I don't feel ripped off,' she said. 'At the end of the day they're Wotsits. I haven't spoken to Walkers about it and I didn't take them back to the shop. 'I don't feel hard done by, it's quite funny really, my kids think they're hilarious. 'But if it happened again, I would probably have a word with Walkers. Ms Bhatti found several mini-Wotsits measuring just 1cm long in her 99p multi-pack of the cheesy snacks which she bought at a discount retailer in Derby . 'I'd already seen a post on Facebook where somebody was saying they had small Wotsits so I'm not the only one.' Ms Bhatti says she and her family have decided against eating the crisps, but do not know what they are going to do with them. 'At first the kids were really excited and wanted to eat them but when we found more they said they wanted to keep them,' she said. 'I'm not sure what I'm going to do with the Wotsits now. The kids will probably go in the cupboard and eat them when my back is turned.'

Summary:
she was shocked to open a bag of her favourite food.

GPT4:
The inconsistency in the summary lies in the generalization of the term "favourite food." The article specifically mentions that Ayesha Bhatti was shocked to open a bag of her favourite crisps, which are identified as Wotsits. The summary, however, omits the specific type of food (Wotsits crisps) and instead uses the broader term "favourite food," which could imply any type of food and does not accurately represent the content of the article. The correct summary should specify that the food in question is her favourite crisps, namely Wotsits, to maintain consistency with the article's information.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that she was shocked to open a bag of her favorite food.
2. But without clearly indicating who the she refers, it would be confusing for readers about the she mentions in summary.
3. In the article, she refers a mother-of-three.
4. As the summary missed the important information from article, it is inconsistent with article.

###Corrected:
