Article:
Dan Groves said the "finer points" of a deal which could see Wright buy 20% of the club are yet to be released.
The Sun reported that the 30-year-old will become a club director.
Billericay are eighth in the Isthmian League Premier Division, three points adrift of a play-off place.
Wright, who was runner-up in I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here in 2011, played non-league football for a succession of clubs, including Lewes, Crawley Town and Rushden & Diamonds.
Billericay have recently been taken over by multi-millionaire Glenn Tamplin, who said shortly after completing a deal for the club that he was "comfortable" investing £10,000 a week.
The club signed former England international Paul Konchesky, 35, at the start of March.

Summary:
crawley town have signed right-back glenn groves from non-league side leway town.

GPT4:
1. The article does not mention a player named Glenn Groves; it mentions a person named Dan Groves who commented on the finer points of a deal involving Wright buying a stake in the club.

2. The article does not state that Crawley Town has signed a right-back named Glenn Groves. In fact, Crawley Town is not the focus of the article at all.

3. The article does not mention Leway Town, which is stated in the summary as the non-league side from which Glenn Groves was supposedly signed.

4. The article discusses Mark Wright, a former non-league football player, who is involved in a deal with Billericay Town, not Crawley Town.

5. The article mentions that Billericay Town has been taken over by Glenn Tamplin and that they signed Paul Konchesky, but there is no mention of any signings by Crawley Town.

6. The inconsistency lies in the fact that the summary introduces names and details (Glenn Groves, right-back, Leway Town, signing by Crawley Town) that are not present in the article. The summary appears to be about a completely different set of circumstances than those described in the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that Crawley Town signed right-back Glenn Groves from non-league side Leway Town.
However, the article does not mention anything about Crawley Town signing a player named Glenn Groves. Instead, it mentions a player named Dan Groves, who is set to become a club director.
2. The article does not mention anything about Leway Town, which is mentioned in the summary.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it mentions a player named Glenn Groves who is not mentioned in the article, and it also mentions a club called Leway Town that is not mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
