Article:
Chernova, now 27, beat Briton Ennis-Hill to gold at the 2011 World Championships in Korea.
This week she was given a ban and had earlier results annulled after a sample from 2009 was re-tested - but kept her world title.
"She set a personal best with the benefit of drug use," Minichiello said.
Russian anti-doping agency punished Chernova with a two-year ban, backdated to 22 June 2013.
It also annulled her results from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 - a period that ended just 16 days before  she won world gold in Daegu with a personal best of 6,880 points, beating defending champion Ennis-Hill's 6,751.
Research carried out by the University of Oslo in October 2013 established that muscles can retain the advantages given by anabolic steroids decades after the point at which they were taken.
Minichiello wants athletics' world governing body the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) to have a "long, hard look" at the Russian anti-doping agency's punishment.
The IAAF told BBC Sport it is awaiting a full explanation from the Russian authorities before deciding whether it needs to take any action.
"Maybe it highlights that there is a gap within the anti-doping code which allows only a two-year ban from the initial test and then another ban from the date of the re-test," added Minichiello.
"I think it should probably all run seamlessly and athletes should be banned for the whole time. Otherwise you have a ban for Chernova that really looks quite ineffective."
Chernova's backdated ban is due to expire on 21 June, and with the qualification period for the 2015 World Championships in Beijing running until 10 August, she could compete both there and at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
"It would be frustrating if she lines up on the starting line but those are the rules out there and we need to abide by them," said Minichiello.
"That is why we think Wada needs to look at its code and penalties to show there is potentially a loophole that needs to be looked. I'm sure the Russian anti-doping agency have administered suspensions according to the rules, so therefore it needs to be looked at."
Last week, Russia's athletics head coach Valentin Maslakov resigned after a number of athletes from the country were found guilty of committing doping offences.
Wada is investigating allegations of widespread doping and corruption in Russian athletics after claims were aired in a recent German television documentary, with a report due to be published by the end of the year.
The IAAF said last week it was concerned about the number of Russian doping cases in the sport.

Summary:
britain\'s jessica ennis-hill-hill says she will not compete at the world athletics championships because she faces a doping ban.

GPT4:
The summary provided is inconsistent with the article for several reasons:

1. The subject of the article is not Jessica Ennis-Hill, but rather a Russian athlete named Chernova. The article discusses Chernova's doping ban and the annulment of her results due to a re-tested sample from 2009.

2. The article does not state that Jessica Ennis-Hill faces a doping ban. In fact, it mentions Ennis-Hill as the athlete who was beaten by Chernova at the 2011 World Championships in Korea, implying that Ennis-Hill was the competitor, not the one facing a ban.

3. The article does not mention any current or upcoming competition for Ennis-Hill, nor does it suggest that she will not compete at the world athletics championships. The focus is on the consequences of Chernova's doping ban and the potential for her to compete in future events, such as the 2015 World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics.

4. The article discusses the concerns of Ennis-Hill's coach, Toni Minichiello, regarding the effectiveness of Chernova's ban and the potential loopholes in the anti-doping regulations. It does not attribute any quotes or actions to Ennis-Hill herself regarding a decision not to compete.

In summary, the article is about Chernova's doping ban and its implications, while the summary incorrectly claims that Jessica Ennis-Hill is the one facing a ban and choosing not to compete.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that Jessica Ennis-Hill will not compete at the world athletics championships because she faces a doping ban. However, the article does not mention ban on Ennis-Hill nor her words on participation at the world athletics championships. Instead, the article states that Russian athlete Chernova was given a two-year ban for doping.
2. The summary has a misspelling "ennis-hill-hill".

###Corrected:
