Article:
The sight of birds pecking at seed or nuts from a garden feeder fills many people with joy. Now, a device called the Crow Box could enable bird watchers to make money from their hobby, as well as watch birds develop new skills. The training aid can be used to teach crows to collect coins in return for peanuts, or simply test the intelligence of wild corvids. The Crow Box training aid can be used to teach crows to collect coins in return for peanuts, or simply test the intelligence of wild corvids. People who want to train crows can follow the open-source instructions to make their own box (pictured left) which includes a perch and funnel to dispense tasty peanuts (right) Research has shown that crows have a reasoning ability rivalling that of a human seven-year-old, and the birds can solve tasks previously only thought solvable by people and apes. The box is similar to a vending machine for birds, but crows have to use their brains to earn treats. So far, the Brooklyn-based maker of the box has managed to train captive crows to retrieve coins in return for peanuts and hopes that wild crows will learn the same tricks. The sealed wooden and plastic box comprises food dispensers, a 12 volt power supply, two motors, cables and sensors. It is powered and run by a laptop that can be placed up to 50ft (15 metres) away. Research has shown that crows (stock image) have a reasoning ability rivalling that of a human seven-year-old, and the birds can solve tasks previously only thought solvable by people and apes . An experiment by the University of Cambridge has proved that members of the crow family, known as corvids, aren’t just among the cleverest birds, they are smarter than most mammals and can perform tasks that three and four-year-old children have difficulty with. Scientists said that, while having very different brain structures, both crows and primates use a combination of mental tools, including imagination and the anticipation of possible future events, to solve similar problems. Other experiments involving the same family of birds found that Caledonian crows can use up to three tools in sequence to obtain food, which the University of Oxford’s Behavioural Ecology Research Group said is the first demonstration of spontaneous sequential tool use in a species other than humans. A study also found that rooks can use stones to raise the level of water in a vessel in order to bring a floating worm into reach. Urban-living carrion crows have been witnessed learning to use road traffic for cracking nuts. The device has a perch, a food tray and a funnel, designed to test a crow’s cognitive abilities and incentivise them to learn new tricks. There are four steps (illustrated) to training crows to find coins, involving peanut rewards . To begin training, the device pushes a few peanuts and two coins into the feeder tray whenever a crow leaves the machine, which ensures food is always on offer and the sound of the machine is linked to the reward so the crow learns to accept it. The machine is then adapted so that it does the same thing when a crow arrives – training the bird to wait for its reward by visiting the machine. Once visiting crows have learned patience, the machine is changed again so it only dispenses coins and not peanuts. This part of the training is the highest risk, because it seemingly removes the incentive of nuts. But the contraption is designed so that if a bird pecks or sweeps coins off the tray – which is fitted with sensors – and into a funnel, peanuts are revealed and the bird's ingenuity is rewarded. This stage is designed to strengthen the relationship between the coins going down the funnel and food. The training is complete when crows bring coins of their own volition to unlock food. They may collect coins scattered nearby by the owners of the machine to encourage their behaviour, or travel further afield to collect bonus treasure. Gabi Mann, from Seattle, Washington, feeds the crows that visit her home with peanuts and they bring her gifts in exchange. The eight-year-old has built up collection of more than 70 shiny beads, buttons, pieces of metal, brightly coloured plastic and foam - all left for her by her corvid companions. Perhaps the most touching is a metal fragment with the word 'best' written on it - one half of a pendant that would be completed by the word 'friend' if reunited with the other part. Among her most prized presents from the neighbourhood crows is a pearl-coloured heart. 'It's showing me how much they love me,' Gabi told the podcast The BitterSweet Life and the BBC. 'They give me all the special stuff you could ever find. 'We know these are from the crows that sometimes they are rusted and dirty and nothing like what a person would carry around. Sometimes we find them on the bird feeder.' As Gabi throws the food for the birds, crowds of crows - known as a murder - gather on telephone lines and the nearby fence. In return the crows now leave trinkets on the empty bird feeder - including a broken light bulb, earrings, pieces of Lego, rusted screws, polished rocks and glass beads. The open source experiment is designed to look further into the brains of corvids. ‘The more people trying different things the faster we'll all figure out how to work cooperatively with crows,’ hacker and writer Joshua Klein writes on the Crow Box website. ‘Once we’ve got the system optimised for teaching coin collection we can move to seeing how flexibly they can learn other tasks, like collecting garbage, sorting through discarded electronics, or maybe even search and rescue.’ The box is similar to a vending machine for birds, but crows have to use their brains to earn treats. The sealed wooden and plastic box comprises food dispensers, a 12 volt power supply, two motors, cables and sensors. Some of the inner workings are shown here . Members of the crow family are known to be among the cleverest of birds, but scientists are finding that they may have intelligence that rivals most mammals and even young children. An experiment by the University of Cambridge showed that crows can perform task that three and four-year-old children have difficulty with. Scientists said that, while having very different brain structures, both crows and primates use a combination of mental tools, including imagination and the anticipation of possible future events, to solve similar problems. The programme shows 007 the crow completing the eight stage puzzle in approximately two-and-a-half minutes. The individual processes are detailed in this diagram . Other experiments involving the same family of birds found that Caledonian crows can use up to three tools in sequence to obtain food. A study also found that rooks can use stones to raise the level of water in a vessel in order to bring a floating worm into reach. Urban-living carrion crows have been witnessed learning to use road traffic for cracking nuts. The problem-solving creature performed the series of tasks without seeing the fiendishly difficult set up of the course beforehand. The wild crow learned to use individual props during its three months of captivity but had to work out the order in which to use them to complete the challenge and get an inaccessible treat. The animal was later released. In another astonishing test set up by BBC Two, a crow called 007 completed an eight stage puzzle in two and a half minutes. It is one of the most complex tests of the animal mind ever devised.

Summary:
a device called the crow box could make money from their hobby.

GPT4:
1. The article describes the Crow Box as a training aid that can be used to teach crows to collect coins in return for peanuts or to test the intelligence of wild corvids. It does not mention that the device is designed to generate money for users.

2. The article explains how the Crow Box works, including the steps involved in training crows to find coins and the rewards they receive (peanuts). It does not suggest that the coins collected by the crows would result in a profit for the bird watchers or hobbyists.

3. The article mentions that the Crow Box is an open-source project, meaning that the instructions for making the box are freely available. This implies that the purpose of the Crow Box is educational and for research into corvid intelligence, rather than for commercial gain.

4. The article includes examples of crows bringing gifts to humans, such as the story of Gabi Mann receiving trinkets from crows. However, these gifts are not described as a source of income, but rather as interesting and touching interactions between the crows and the girl.

5. The article concludes with potential future applications of the Crow Box, such as teaching crows to collect garbage or assist in search and rescue. These applications are speculative and focused on cooperative tasks, not on making money from the crows' abilities.

In summary, the article does not support the claim made in the summary that the Crow Box could enable bird watchers to make money from their hobby. The focus of the article is on the intelligence of crows, the training process, and the potential for future cooperative tasks, not on financial gain.

HUMAN:
1. The summary mentions a device called the crow box could make money from their hobby.
2. But the fact in article is a device called the Crow Box could enable bird watchers to make money from their hobby.
3. The summary use word 'their' which doesn't clearly refer to any entity, in the article their refers to bird watchers. As the summary would mislead the readers about 'their', it is inconsistent with article.

###Corrected:
