Article:
Nationalist MPs will take control of the UK Parliament's energy and climate change select committee and Scottish affairs select committee.
The SNP won 56 of the 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election two weeks ago.
That resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the Conservatives and Labour.
Parliamentary convention dictates that the official third largest party at Westminster gets to chair a number of select committees.
SNP chief whip Mike Weir said both committees were especially important to Scotland in this parliament.
He said: "We will be seeing one of the major bills coming forward in the Scotland Bill on more powers for Scotland, and of course the energy and climate change committee is of particular importance with our oil and gas sector and renewables industry.
"The SNP chairing these committees will allow us to make progress on these important issues, and will help us get the best deal for Scotland."

Summary:
a holyrood committee is to set up a committee to give mps more powers to the scottish parliament.

GPT4:
1. The article discusses the UK Parliament's energy and climate change select committee and Scottish affairs select committee, not a Holyrood committee. Holyrood refers to the Scottish Parliament, which is separate from the UK Parliament.

2. The article states that the SNP (Scottish National Party) will take control of two select committees at the UK Parliament, not that a new committee is being set up.

3. The article mentions the SNP's intention to chair these committees to make progress on important issues and to get the best deal for Scotland. It does not mention setting up a committee to give MPs more powers to the Scottish Parliament.

4. The article references the Scotland Bill on more powers for Scotland, but this is a piece of legislation, not a committee.

5. The summary incorrectly combines elements from the article (committees and more powers for Scotland) into an inaccurate statement that does not reflect the content of the article. The article is about the SNP chairing existing committees in the UK Parliament, not about Holyrood or the creation of a new committee to empower the Scottish Parliament.

HUMAN:
1. The summary mentions a holyrood committe and giving MPs more powers to the scottish parliament
2. The article does not mention anything about a Holyrood committee or giving MPs more powers to the Scottish Parliament.
3. The article states that the SNP will take control of the UK Parliament's energy and climate change select committee and Scottish affairs select committee.

###Corrected:
