Article:
A mountain lion that wandered near a southern California shopping center died after being tranquilized by a game warden, officials say. The three-year-old, about 125-pound mountain lion was seen outside of the Macy's at the Promenade Mall in Temecula at about 6am, NBC reports. The Riverside County Sheriff's Department contacted the California Department of Fish and Wildlife. A game warden shot the male mountain lion with a tranquilizer dart and moved it to the bed of a pickup truck to be transported to another location for public safety, The Los Angeles Times reports. The lion died while it was being transported. Mountain Lion: A mountain lion (photographed) that wandered near a southern California shopping center died after being tranquilized by a game warden . Truck: A game warden shot the male mountain lion with a tranquilizer dart and moved it to the bed of a pickup truck to be transported to another location for public safety . Lt. Patrick Foy, a fish and game spokesman, told the Times that it is currently unknown the exact cause of the mountain lion's death, but a combination of stress and the drugs may have been a contributing factor. 'What I've learned is that when no one's around and the lion or deer is stuck, you dart them and everything goes fine,' Foy said. 'When you're in the middle of a parking lot and there are lots of people around, and there are police lights, the animal is very stressed, and that's when these sorts of things happen.' The state's fish and wildlife department is investigating if the mountain lion had pre-existing health issues, according to NBC. Stress: Lt. Patrick Foy, a fish and game spokesman, said that it is currently unknown the exact cause of the mountain lion's death, but a combination of stress and the drugs may have been a contributing factor . Rare: spokesman with the department said that it is rare for an animal to die after being darted, and when one does, it is usually due to the dart damaging a sensitive area like the spine . A necropsy will be performed on the mountain lion. A spokesman with the department said that it is rare for an animal to die after being struck with a tranquilizer, and when one does, it is usually due to the dart damaging a sensitive area like the spine. 'They tried to do the right thing,' Foy told NBC. 'They have the training and equipment to do the right thing... and it doesn't always work out.' A witness told KTLA that the animal was underneath a trailer for about 45 minutes before authorities arrived. The mall wasn't open, and only a few store employees were around in the early hours. But the mountain lion was reportedly first spotted near a freeway. The animal was not aggressive, the LAT Times reports. Officials say the animal could have made his way to the mall area for a number of reasons including simply looking for a suitable habitat. Habitat: Officials say the animal could have made his way to the mall area for a number of reasons including simply looking for a suitable habitat .

Summary:
the three-year-old was seen outside of the macy's promenade in temecula at about 6am. a game warden shot the male mountain lion with tranquilizer dart. the riverside county sheriff's department contacted the department of fish and wildlife. the lion died while it was being transported to hospital. a game warden shot the lion with a tranquilizer dart and moved it to the bed of a pickup truck.

GPT4:
The inconsistency in the summary lies in the statement that "the lion died while it was being transported to hospital." The article does not mention that the mountain lion was being transported to a hospital. Instead, it states that the mountain lion was moved to the bed of a pickup truck to be transported to another location for public safety and that it died while it was being transported. There is no mention of a hospital in the article.

Here are the steps that identify the inconsistency:

1. The summary claims the mountain lion was being transported to a hospital after being tranquilized.
2. The article, however, only mentions that the mountain lion was moved to the bed of a pickup truck to be transported to another location for public safety.
3. The article specifies that the mountain lion died during transportation, but it does not indicate that the destination was a hospital.
4. The article further discusses the potential causes of death, such as stress and the effects of the tranquilizer, but at no point does it reference a hospital.
5. Therefore, the claim in the summary about the mountain lion being transported to a hospital is not supported by the information provided in the article, making the summary inconsistent with the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary the three-year-old was seen outside of the macy's promenade in temecula at about 6am, but it didn't mention it is the mountain lion was seen outside, without mentioning the mountain lion just stating three-year-old, that would be misleading as it could be three-year-old people.

###Corrected:
