Article:
Florida mother is looking at her current jail time as a break from parenthood. Monique Miller, 34, appeared before a judge on Tuesday after allegedly throwing her baby from her car in North Miami Beach, Florida. When the judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she seemed only happy to oblige. 'OK, I need a break anyway,' she said. Monique Miller, 34 (right), told a judge on Tuesday that she needs a break from parenting after her arrest for throwing her baby out of a car . Miller was also ordered on Tuesday to take all of her prescribed medications . Cops allegedly tried to pull Miller over Monday afternoon during a routine traffic stop,when the mother was driving with her baby on her lap. Miller at first refused, but when she eventually complied she started yelling obscenities at officers and then tossed her baby out the window. Luckily an officer was able to catch the baby safely. It's unclear how old the baby is. Miller was arrested in the incident, in which she also kicked the cop's car door, causing the door to slam into his head. The mother faces charges of child neglect, criminal mischief and battery on a law enforcement officer. As of Wednesday, she remained in jail on $7,500 bond. In addition to being ordered to stay away from her child, Miller was also told to take prescribed medications.

Summary:
monique miller, 34, appeared before a judge on tuesday. judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she said. miller was also ordered to take all of the prescribed medications. monique miller, 34, said she needs a break from parenting after her arrest. cops allegedly tried to pull miller over monday afternoon during a routine traffic stop.

GPT4:
The summary contains several points that are consistent with the article:

1. "Monique Miller, 34, appeared before a judge on Tuesday." - This is consistent with the article, which states that Monique Miller appeared before a judge on Tuesday.

2. "Judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she said." - The article confirms that the judge ordered Miller to stay away from her child, and her response was, "OK, I need a break anyway."

3. "Miller was also ordered to take all of the prescribed medications." - The article mentions that Miller was ordered to take all of her prescribed medications.

4. "Monique Miller, 34, said she needs a break from parenting after her arrest." - This is consistent with the article, which quotes Miller saying she needs a break from parenting after being ordered to stay away from her child.

5. "Cops allegedly tried to pull Miller over Monday afternoon during a routine traffic stop." - The article states that police tried to pull Miller over during a routine traffic stop on Monday afternoon.

The summary appears to be consistent with the article, as all the points mentioned are supported by the information provided in the article. There is no clear inconsistency between the summary and the article based on the information given. If there is an inconsistency, it is not evident from the provided text.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states judge ordered her to stay away from her child, she said. But in the article, it is a fact that judge ordered her to stay away from her child and she didn't say it. The summary incorrectly concatenate sentences together.

###Corrected:
