Article:
Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between April 2004 and February 2014.He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year.He has now been removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.In February, Dumfries Sheriff Court heard how most of the images he had downloaded were of young boys partially dressed in erotic poses with no sexual activity.In addition to his payback order he was ordered to take part in a special programme for sex offenders.A GTC Scotland hearing was told that the nature of the offence meant Geaney had "condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children".It heard that his conduct was "fundamentally incompatible" with being a registered teacher.The panel found that Geaney had failed to uphold the standards expected of the profession.It also noted that the offending behaviour had taken place over a lengthy period of time "demonstrating that there was a pattern of behaviour, as opposed to an isolated incident"."Given the volume of images and the duration of the conduct, taken with the lack of evidence of remedial action, the panel was of the view that there was a strong likelihood of the offending behaviour recurring," it concluded.The panel found him unfit to teach and removed him from the professional register.Geaney, who was 69 at the time he was sentenced, was not present at the hearing.He was prohibited from applying to re-register for a period of two years.

Summary:
a teacher who admitted having sex with a 12-year-old boy has been struck off the profession.

GPT4:
The summary states that the teacher admitted to having sex with a 12-year-old boy and has been struck off the profession. However, the article does not mention any such incident. Instead, the article details the following points:

1. Timothy Geaney admitted to taking or permitting images to be taken, not to having sex with a minor.
2. The images described in the article were of young boys partially dressed in erotic poses with no sexual activity mentioned.
3. Geaney was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register for his actions related to the images.
4. He was removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing due to the nature of his offense, which involved images and not physical sexual contact with a child.
5. The article specifies that the offense was related to downloading images and does not mention any physical sexual abuse.

Therefore, the summary is inconsistent with the article because it inaccurately claims that Geaney admitted to having sex with a 12-year-old boy, which is not supported by any information in the article. The article only discusses the issue of inappropriate images, not physical sexual contact or abuse.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that a teacher who admitted having sex with a 12-year-old boy has been struck off the profession.
2. However, the article only mentions that Geaney had "condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children" and does not specify the age of the children.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary where the information not mentioned in the article is added.

###Corrected:
