Article:
Playing for England is a 'dream' Harry Kane is putting to the back of his mind, such is the striker's determination to propel Tottenham forwards. There were not many clamouring for the 21-year-old to be in the Spurs starting line-up at the start of the season, never mind the national team. Now, though, Kane is one of the most talked about players in the country as his Roy of the Rovers rise continues apace. Tottenham striker Harry Kane has insisted he is fully focused on helping the club progress this season . Kane rounds QPR goalkeeper Robert Green to score his second goal in a 2-1 win on Sunday at Loftus Road . Kane has now scored 26 goals in 41 appearances for Spurs in all competitions so far this season . Saturday's brace in Spurs' 2-1 win at QPR increased his goal tally to 26 in all competitions - a remarkable haul which is likely to earn a first senior call-up this month. Roy Hodgson could not fail but to be impressed by Kane's latest display, but front man is trying not to think about the potential of facing Lithuania or Italy this month. 'I've always said, I've got to keep doing what I am doing,' he said. 'There are still a few more games until the international break and I want to do the best I can for Tottenham Hotspur. 'That's what I am looking to do. I want to get some more wins from until then and, yeah, we'll see what happens. 'Obviously, I've just got to keep doing what I am doing. 'I think any English player playing would love to play for England. It would be a dream but there are a lot of great players in England. 'I just have to keep concentrating and doing the best I can for Spurs. We'll see what happens.' Kane is widely being tipped for a call up to the England team following his impressive form for Spurs . Kane lashes a shot at the QPR goal only for Hoops defender Steven Caulker (left) to get in the way . That determination to continue impressing at club level is certainly helping Spurs get over a disappointing few weeks. The north Londoners' Europa League exit was compounded by defeat to Chelsea in the Capital One Cup final, but they responded impressively with back-to-back victories over Swansea and QPR. 'That is massive,' Kane told Sky Sports. 'That is what we said. 'We had a disappointing couple of weeks, going out of the Europa and obviously losing the final, so we knew we had to get back on it, build a bit of momentum and get as far up in the league as we can. 'We have managed to do that with two very important wins and hopefully we can continue it.' This latest victory moves Tottenham within three points of the top-four, while it leaves QPR deeper in the mire. The west Londoners have now lost seven of their last eight top-flight matches, with relegation edging closer by the week. Again, though, manager Chris Ramsey defended his players' application and, in particular, Rio Ferdinand. The former England international was culpable for both goals, leading to chants from the away end of 'It's time to retire' - something a smattering of home fans joined in with. 'I think Rio's applied himself well,' Ramsey said. 'I'm very pleased with the way he played. 'In the position we're in, when goals go in people will always get blamed or people look at some more than others. 'For Rio to be the age he is and applying himself the way he is in training and in games, we need to encourage him. 'It's always disappointing when a goal goes in, and you can always break it down and analyse it to its finest points. The players involved will always be disappointed.' QPR defender Rio Ferdinand clears the ball ahead of the oncoming Spurs midfielder Christian Eriksen . QPR winger Shaun Wright-Phillips (right) leaps highest to win the ball in midfield on Sunday . Spurs' Eric Dier (left) tussles for the ball with QPR's Nedum Onuoha during the Premier League game .

Summary:
kane is one of the most talked about players in the rovers.

GPT4:
1. The article discusses Harry Kane's performance and focus on playing for Tottenham Hotspur, as well as his potential call-up to the England national team. It mentions his impressive goal tally and his recent performance against QPR.

2. The phrase "Roy of the Rovers rise" is used in the article to describe Kane's rapid ascent in the world of football. "Roy of the Rovers" is a reference to a fictional footballer who starred in a British comic strip of the same name, known for his remarkable and often dramatic success.

3. The summary incorrectly states "kane is one of the most talked about players in the rovers." This statement is inconsistent with the article for two reasons:
   - The term "Rovers" in the context of the article is part of the phrase "Roy of the Rovers," which is not the name of a team but a fictional character from a comic strip. The summary incorrectly suggests that "Rovers" is a team that Kane is associated with.
   - The article does not mention any team called "Rovers" in relation to Harry Kane. Kane is associated with Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team, not a team called "Rovers."

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misinterprets the phrase "Roy of the Rovers rise" as a reference to a team called "Rovers" and incorrectly associates Kane with that non-existent team.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that Kane is one of the most talked about players in the "rovers."
2. However, the article does not mention anything about Kane playing for a team called "rovers."
3. The fact in article is Kane is one of the most talked about players in the country as his Roy of the Rovers rise continues apace.
4. Thus the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
