Article:
Share this withEmailFacebookTwitterWhatsAppLinkedinCopy this linkThe 76-year-old, who received the Â£25,000 prize for Squint (19) at Liverpool's Walker Art Gallery, was one of the shortlisted artists in 1991.Simpson, who has also made the prize longlist on three other occasions, said finally winning was "very nice indeed".Judge Ansel Krut said Squint (19) was "quite extraordinary", even though it was a "difficult painting to look at".The work depicts a leper squint, which Simpson said were "holes made in the sides of medieval churches so the undesirables could look through to the service and somehow take part".He said it was one of a series of paintings he has been working on, some of which were "much bigger".The relatively small size of Squint (19) - which is about 7ft (2.1m) in height - was one of the reasons Simpson entered it into the competition, though he also admitted that it "seemed to be a good idea to send one that I was conversant with and was working with".He said the prize money would be spent on "stretches, canvas and - particularly - good quality paints"."I spend a lot of money on materials, so this money is going to go to a good cause."Krut said Simpson's piece was "a little bit like a tone poem - when you spend some time with it, it gradually starts to build a picture"."Technically, it's very subtle and his language is very minimal, very reduced, but when you enter into it, you get into this broad field of great sympathy, because of the subject matter."We couldn't have asked for a better painting."Established in 1957, the biennial John Moores Painting Prize is one of Britain's oldest art awards.Previous winners include David Hockney and Peter Doig. Sir Peter Blake, who is now the prize's patron, won the junior title in 1961.

Summary:
a painting by peter simpson has won this year\'s peter simpson award for his " extraordinary " work to win the turner prize.

GPT4:
1. The article mentions that the 76-year-old artist won the John Moores Painting Prize, not the Turner Prize. The summary incorrectly states that Peter Simpson won the "Turner Prize."

2. The prize money mentioned in the article is £25,000, which is consistent with the John Moores Painting Prize. The Turner Prize, on the other hand, is a different award and typically has a different prize amount.

3. The article does not mention any "Peter Simpson Award." The summary incorrectly introduces a non-existent award named after the artist himself.

4. The article states that the winning painting is titled "Squint (19)" and was exhibited at Liverpool's Walker Art Gallery. The summary does not mention the name of the painting or the exhibition location.

5. The article provides a quote from judge Ansel Krut describing the painting as "quite extraordinary," but it does not say that the painting won because it was "extraordinary." The summary's use of the word "extraordinary" seems to be derived from the judge's quote but is used out of context.

6. The article mentions that previous winners of the John Moores Painting Prize include David Hockney and Peter Doig, and that Sir Peter Blake is the prize's patron. The summary does not mention any of this information, which is relevant to the prestige of the prize.

In conclusion, the summary is inconsistent with the article because it incorrectly names the award as the "Turner Prize" and invents a non-existent "Peter Simpson Award." It also fails to mention the correct name of the painting and the exhibition location, and it misuses a quote from the judge.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that "a painting by Peter Simpson" has won this year's "Peter Simpson award" for his "extraordinary" work to win the Turner Prize.
2. However, the article mentions that the artist's name is Alan Simpson, not Peter Simpson, and he won the John Moores Painting Prize, not the Turner Prize.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary incorrectly attributing the award to Peter Simpson and mentioning the Turner Prize, which is not mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
