Article:
Visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information from items such as signs and posters on the site.Videos and band interviews will be among the online material available to view on phones and tablets.HebCelt is is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July.The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan, Skerryvore, Peatbog Faeries and Dougie MacLean are among this year's acts.HebCelt director Caroline Maclennan said: "We are offering the new augmented reality experience as an extra feature to add to the enjoyment of visiting the festival this year."But it will also mean people around the world can interact with the festival and capture a flavour of its atmosphere at any time."The message will be updated in the run up to HebCelt and during the event, allowing people to instantly access information and interviews, buy tickets and also get a taste of our unique festival wherever they are."

Summary:
a new augmented reality experience is being launched in the isle of isle of lewis as part of the new augmented reality headset.

GPT4:
1. The article mentions that visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival (HebCelt) will be able to use an app to access online information from items like signs and posters on the site.

2. The article specifies that this online material, which includes videos and band interviews, will be viewable on phones and tablets.

3. There is no mention in the article of an "augmented reality headset." The technology being discussed is an app, not a headset.

4. The summary incorrectly states that the augmented reality experience is being launched as part of a new augmented reality headset. This is inconsistent with the article, which only talks about an app that provides an augmented reality experience.

5. The location is correctly identified as the Isle of Lewis, but the summary incorrectly repeats the phrase "isle of isle of lewis," which is a typographical error.

In conclusion, the inconsistency lies in the summary's incorrect reference to an augmented reality headset, which is not mentioned in the article. The article only discusses an app that will provide augmented reality features on mobile devices.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that "a new augmented reality experience is being launched in the Isle of Lewis as part of the new augmented reality headset."
2. However, the article discusses the Hebridean Celtic Festival (HebCelt) taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July and mentions the use of an app for augmented reality experiences but does not mention the launch of a new augmented reality headset.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary introducing the concept of a new augmented reality headset, which is not mentioned in the article. The article focuses on the app and its features at HebCelt.

###Corrected:
