Article:
Nelly managed to make a little history and support the troops battling ISIS on Friday. The St. Louis rapper who shot to fame back in 2000 with his debut album Country Grammar put on a surprise concert for Kurdish fighters battling ISIS in the city of Erbil in Iraq. It was all part of a charity concert put on by the Rwanga Foundation, a non-profit created to help those in the area, and in a press release the group claims that Nelly is now 'the first American artist to perform in the city’s 8,000 year old history.' Scroll down for video . Rapper Nelly performed in Kurdistan on Friday at a benefit concert . The concert was organized by the Rwanga Foundation, a non-profit that was created to help people living in Kurdistan and Iraq . The concert raised money to benefit troops fighting ISIS and those impacted by the recent conflict in the area . The concert was organized to 'promote peace and bring hope to those who need it most' while also raising money for 'those impacted by the recent conflict in the area.' It also helped provide funds to the Kurdish military forces fighting  ISIS . Also performing was Arab Idol’s Ammar Koofy and motocross star André Villa, all during the Xoli Raperin soccer tournament. The concert was originally supposed to be headlined by Akon it seems, and the rapper made an announcement he would be going over last month according to Newsweek, but it seems he dropped out for unknown reasons. Some have taken to social media to say it would have been better if the money used to pay Nelly to perform was just given to the troops . Also performing was Arab Idol’s Ammar Koofy . Some however are less than thrilled and have attacked the non-profit for paying Nelly a reported six-figure appearance fee and not giving the money directly to displaced families and troops. Ranj Talabany wrote on Twitter; 'So apparently #Nelly has been paid $650,000 to perform in #Erbil for peshmerga's. Would be better if money had gone straight to peshmerga.'

Summary:
the group is now the first american artist to perform in the city's 8,000 year old.

GPT4:
1. The summary refers to "the group" as being the first American artist to perform in the city's 8,000-year-old history. However, the article specifies that it is Nelly, an individual rapper, not a group, who performed.

2. The article states that Nelly is now 'the first American artist to perform in the city’s 8,000 year old history,' which directly contradicts the summary's reference to a group.

3. The summary omits the context of the performance, which was part of a charity concert organized by the Rwanga Foundation to support Kurdish fighters and those impacted by the conflict with ISIS.

4. The summary fails to mention the significance of the event, which was to promote peace and hope, as well as to raise funds for the Kurdish military forces and those affected by the recent conflict.

5. The summary does not include any information about the other performers or the circumstances surrounding the concert, such as Akon originally being the headliner and the social media criticism regarding the payment to Nelly.

In conclusion, the inconsistency lies in the incorrect reference to "the group" instead of the individual artist Nelly, and the lack of context and details about the event that are provided in the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary mentions the group is now the first american artist to perform in the city's 8,000 year old.
2. But the article mentions Nelly is now 'the first American artist to perform in the city’s 8,000 year old history.'
3. The summary missed the world history from original sentence which is an important content, thus the summary is inconsistent with article.

###Corrected:
