Article:
The humble honeybee may only be small, but scientists are hoping to use its brain to power a series of futuristic-style drones. Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. Scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like a honeybee Professor James Marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made 'tremendous advances' The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project, which is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex. One day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions. 'Bees and all other insects are miracles of engineering which we are nowhere near equalling,' Professor James Marshall reportedly told the BBC. 'If we could even recreate a fraction of their abilities in a robot system then we would have made a tremendous advance.' Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see. To do this they mapped out the  brain of the honeybee and recreated it with circuits that fire on and off in an organic brain, Discovery Magazine reported. The software is then uploaded into the drone's circuitry which enables it to  fly around in a similar fashion to the bee. The projects team now has three quadcopters and one ground robot, each with unique abilities and configurations. Tests are being carried out in a dedicated flying room based at the University of Sheffield. In a video footage showing initial tests the drone, powered by the artificial bee brain, can be seen flying down a corridor. On the Green Brain website it states: 'Since the start of the project, the GB team has setup the lab, built and tested our robots, and begun to demonstrate some sophisticated visual-based navigation and cognitive functions through embodiment. 'Current projects include navigation using the GB models, flight tests of our models with the BeeBot quadcopter, developing a Ground Control Station, initial testing with the chemosensors and more.' Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see

Summary:
their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like a honeybee . professor james marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made ` tremendous advances ' the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project . scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee .

GPT4:
1. The summary states that "their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like a honeybee." This is consistent with the article, which mentions that scientists are working towards building a robot that can mimic the cognitive abilities of a honeybee.

2. The summary includes a quote from Professor James Marshall saying, "if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made 'tremendous advances'." This quote is also found in the article, indicating that this part of the summary is consistent with the article.

3. The summary mentions that "the artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project." This is consistent with the article, which states that the Green Brain Project is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex, working on creating an artificial brain based on the honeybee's cognitive abilities.

4. The summary says, "scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or European honeybee." This is consistent with the article's content, which discusses the efforts to digitally recreate the brain of the European Honeybee (Apis Mellifera) for use in drones.

Based on the information provided, the summary appears to be consistent with the article. All the main points in the summary are supported by the article's content. If there is an inconsistency, it is not evident from the provided text. The summary accurately reflects the main goals and achievements of the Green Brain Project as described in the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that the scientists' final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses, and acts just like a honeybee, and Professor James Marshall commented on the significance of recreating the honeybee's abilities.
2. However, the article mainly focuses on the Green Brain Project's work on creating an artificial brain for drones, particularly in the context of the European honeybee's abilities. It mentions the cloning of the part of the bee's brain responsible for vision and the use of this technology in drones. While it mentions the goal of recreating the honeybee's abilities, it does not go into depth about building a robot that fully thinks, senses, and acts like a honeybee.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary oversimplifying the article's content and making it sound like the primary aim is to create a honeybee-like robot when the actual focus is on creating an artificial brain for drones inspired by the honeybee's abilities.

###Corrected:
