Article:
Four burly Swedish cops put their New York City vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a Manhattan subway train last night. The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway, DNA Info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. 'We came here for vacation. We’ve been here one day. We’re no heroes, just tourists,' Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, told the New York Post. 'We're no heroes, just tourists': The Swedish cops (pictured left to right) Erik Näslund, 26, Samuel Kvarzell, 25, Makrus Åsberg, 25, and Eric Jansberger, 28, said they were just answering the call of duty Mr Asberg, along with Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger, subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train. The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive, the Post reports. Video from the incident shows Kvarzell and Asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams. 'I can't breath! I can't breath!' he screams. 'Take it easy, just calm down,' Asberg tells him. The friends sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom: 'Are there any police officers on the train?' As the train pulled into the Bleeker Street station, the Nordic lawmen found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car. Three of the Swedes tended to the aggressor (background) and held him for police, while the fourth stayed with the victim, who had been badly beaten in the fight The Nordic tourists kept both men calm until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene The victim had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten and was not defending himself the Swedes told the Post. One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor of the train. 'One of the guys tried to wrestle us so [we] wrestled him to the floor until the police came,' Kvarzell, 25, who is also an officer, told DNA Info. 'We don't have authority or anything but we thought somebody might need help,' he said. When NYPD officers showed up, they took custody of the aggressor and the four tourists went on their way to Les Misérables. Markus Asberg (left) and Samuel Kvarzell (right) stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a New York subway train along with two other friends, all of whom are police officers in their native Sweden Eric Jansberger (left) and Erik Naslund (right) had only just arrived in New York and were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they answered the call of duty

Summary:
UNK UNK , 25 , UNK UNK , 25 , and eric UNK , 28 , say they were just answering the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night . they were on their way to see the man who was viciously beating another rider on the train .

GPT4:
The summary contains several inconsistencies with the article:

1. The names of the Swedish police officers are not correctly presented in the summary. The summary uses placeholders "UNK" instead of their actual names. The article clearly states their names as Makrus Åsberg, Erik Näslund, Samuel Kvarzell, and Eric Jansberger.

2. The summary incorrectly suggests that the Swedish police officers were on their way to see the man who was viciously beating another rider. In fact, the article states that they were on their way to see "Les Misérables" on Broadway when they intervened in the assault on the subway train.

3. The summary does not mention that there were four Swedish cops involved in the incident. It only refers to three individuals, omitting the fourth officer.

4. The summary does not accurately reflect the actions taken by the Swedish officers. It simply states they were "answering the call of duty," without detailing that they intervened in a fight, subdued the attacker, and held him until NYPD officers arrived.

5. The summary fails to mention that the Swedish officers were on vacation and considered themselves tourists, not heroes, which is an important aspect of the narrative presented in the article.

6. The summary does not capture the context of the incident, such as the fact that it occurred on a crowded rush-hour 6 train, and that the Swedish officers responded to a call for help from the train's conductor.

In conclusion, the summary does not accurately represent the details of the article, omitting key information and presenting incorrect facts.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that the Swedish cops, whose names are partially replaced with "UNK," were just answering the call of duty on a Manhattan subway train. It mentions that they were on their way to see a man who was viciously beating another rider on the train.
2. However, the article mentions that the Swedish cops were on their way to see "Les Misérables" on Broadway when they responded to the incident on the train. The summary suggests that the cops were on their way to see the man who was beating another rider, which is not accurate. 
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary incorrectly states that they were on their way to see the man who was beating another rider, while the article clarifies that they were on their way to see "Les Misérables" on Broadway.

###Corrected:
