Article:
Jack Grealish wants to replace the Wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. Twice the teenage winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but Villa lost both times, to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup final four. Grealish, 19, was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers and is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date. Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final ‘I went twice to Wembley as a fan, the Man U game and Chelsea game five years ago,’ said Grealish. ‘Unfortunately we didn’t win either of them, hopefully this time we can go and get a result. ‘It would be brilliant to stay in the team for Wembley but at the end of the day the gaffer will pick who he thinks he will win. I go with the flow. ‘To start for my boyhood club was a dream come true. I hope towards the end of the season I can play more of a part and help the team stay in the division.’ Wayne Rooney scores for United as Villa were beaten 2-1 in the 2010 League Cup final at Wembley Frank Lampard finds the target during Villa's 3-0 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final in 2010 Villa are three points above the drop zone but Grealish says manager Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad. ‘He’s so positive around the place, gives everyone a boost which you can see in people’s performances,’ Grealish added. ‘He’s given me my first start in a crucial game which I’m really grateful for. You can see what he did at Tottenham with the young lads, bringing them through. Grealish expressed his gratitude towards manager Tim Sherwood for giving him his first start ‘Here he’s brought the younger lads to come and train next to the first team, which is so little but means so much.’ The return to form of Christian Benteke also inspires survival hope. ‘Yes, when you have Christian in the team who can score goals every game,’ Grealish said. ‘We are going to go in Saturday's game (at Tottenham) positive and 100 per cent we will stay up.’

Summary:
jack grealish was handed his first premier league start for aston villa . the winger was handed his first premier league start in 2010 . jack grealish was handed his first premier league start in 2010 .

GPT4:
1. The article states that Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers. This indicates that his first start was a specific event tied to a particular match.

2. The article mentions that Grealish, at the time of the article, is 19 years old. It also references events from five years prior, which would have been in 2010 when Grealish would have been around 14 years old.

3. The article does not mention the exact date of Grealish's first Premier League start, but it does imply that it was recent to the time of the article's publication, given that it was under manager Tim Sherwood's tenure and after Grealish's experiences at Wembley as a fan in 2010.

4. The summary incorrectly states that Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start in 2010. This is inconsistent with the article, which implies that his first start was recent (relative to the article's publication) and certainly not as far back as 2010 when he would have been too young and not yet a professional player for Aston Villa's first team.

5. Therefore, the inconsistency lies in the incorrect year (2010) being attributed to Grealish's first Premier League start in the summary. The correct information is that his first start was given by Tim Sherwood, which would have been after Sherwood's appointment as Aston Villa's manager in February 2015, and not in 2010 as the summary claims.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start for Aston Villa.
2. However, the article states that Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers, and there is no mention of him being handed his first Premier League start in 2010.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary suggests Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start in 2010, which contradicts the information in the article that specifies his first Premier League start in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers.

###Corrected:
