Article:
(CNN)They may not be "Star Trek"-type extraterrestrials, but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life, a NASA scientist says. "I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade, and I think we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. "We know where to look. We know how to look," she said. "In most cases, we have the technology, and we're on a path to implementing it. And so I think we're definitely on the road." NASA released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies, including the dwarf planet Ceres and Jupiter's moon Europa. The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries, NASA said in a news release. "Scientists using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that (Jupiter's moon) Ganymede has a saltwater, sub-surface ocean, likely sandwiched between two layers of ice," the agency noted. There are some caveats involved, of course. NASA isn't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant; it's referring to microorganisms. "We are not talking about little green men," Stofan said at the panel. "We are talking about little microbes." Still, former astronaut John Grunsfeld said it's an exciting time -- and he thinks it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well. "I think we're one generation away in our solar system, whether it's on an icy moon or on Mars, and one generation on a planet around a nearby star," he said. And, he added, who knows what that life will look like? "Once we get out beyond Mars, the likelihood that it's similar to Earth because we share that material gets very, very low," he said. "And I think that's where it starts getting exceptionally exciting."

Summary:
nasa scientist : `` we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade '' `` we know where to look . we know how to look , '' she says . nasa is n't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the alpha quadrant . it 's referring to microorganisms .

GPT4:
1. The summary begins by quoting a NASA scientist, presumably Ellen Stofan, saying, "we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade." This statement is consistent with the article, which quotes Stofan with a similar timeframe for finding indications of life.

2. The summary continues with, "we know where to look. we know how to look," which is also consistent with the article. Stofan is quoted saying, "We know where to look. We know how to look," indicating that scientists have a plan for searching for extraterrestrial life.

3. The summary then states, "NASA isn't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant." This is consistent with the article, which clarifies that NASA is referring to the possibility of finding microorganisms, not intelligent life forms. The mention of the "Alpha Quadrant" is a "Star Trek" reference and is used in the article to emphasize that the expected discoveries are not about advanced alien civilizations.

4. The summary concludes by saying, "it's referring to microorganisms." This is consistent with the article, where Stofan is quoted saying, "We are not talking about little green men. We are talking about little microbes."

The summary appears to be consistent with the article, as all the points made in the summary are supported by the statements and information provided in the article. There is no clear inconsistency between the summary and the article based on the information given.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that a NASA scientist said, "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade," and "We know where to look. We know how to look."
2. However, the article states that NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said those statements during a panel discussion on water in the universe.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary suggests these statements were made without specifying the context of a panel discussion on water in the universe.

###Corrected:
