Article:
Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO's political comedy Veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Speaking in the latest issue of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, the 54-year-old, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years, while also leaping to the politician's defense. 'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of the supplement, explained. 'Which is remarkable when you consider what it is she does.' Scroll down for video Strictly business: Julia Louis-Dreyfus covers Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, which is featured in the May issue of the magazine Short and sweet: Julia revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO's political comedy Veep (pictured) was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Obsessed with her style: Julia, pictured in an episode from the fourth season of Veep, questioned why so many people have made such a fuss over Hillary's hair during the past few decades Ever since her husband Bill was elected as US President for the first time in 1993, Hillary's hair has been the subject of serious scrutiny, be it as a result of her choice of scrunchie, the length of her locks, or the shade of her hair. Julia admitted that she is clueless as to why the presidential candidate's hairstyle has been the focus of such intense interest, adding: 'Hair, for some reason, is a really big deal.' And it seems that maintaining her own lengthy locks was certainly a big deal to Julia, who opted to wear a wig while filming the show, instead of chopping her own hair to mirror that of her character. When asked to weigh in on female politicians in general, Julia noted that in her opinion, women in politics appear to be more open than their male counterparts. 'In my limited experience, I would say that female politicians can be a bit more forthcoming, open. I don't mean they're spilling the beans or saying things they shouldn't, but I don't feel a guard in the same way,' she said, adding, 'Maybe it's a female-to-female thing.' Sharp dresser: The 54-year-old actress dons a striped button down and a black pencil skirt in the work-inspired spread As for her character on the show, Julia explained to the magazine that Selina is a 'straddler' whose ideology revolves around getting 're-elected at all costs'. But the actress has no problem playing an 'unlikable character'. 'I don't think we're all so likable all the time,' she explained. 'I include myself in that, and I don't consider myself to be a bad person.' In the fourth season of the hit show, which premiered on Sunday, Julia's Selina has been promoted from Vice President to President after her boss surprisingly steps down. Big group: The entire Veep cast (pictured) came together earlier this month to celebrate the fourth season premiere of their hit political comedy Happy couple: Julia's husband, writer and director Brad Hall, showed his support for his wife at the event And with her change in position, came a change in hair, which Julia also discussed with Page Six, explaining that 'female politicians get a lot of c**p for their looks'. 'There’s a lot of scrutiny about how female politicians present themselves, so I thought, let’s do something about that,' she said. 'Let’s cut her hair and see what happens, and if it doesn't look good, that’s OK, and if it does look good, that’s OK.' Fans of former Seinfeld star Julia are also buzzing about her upcoming reunion with Jerry Seinfeld. On Tuesday it was announced that she would be making an appearance on her former co-star's Crackle channel web series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.

Summary:
julia louis-dreyfus , 54 , stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show . she revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton .

GPT4:
1. The article states that Julia Louis-Dreyfus covers Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, which is featured in the May issue of the magazine. This information is consistent with the summary, which mentions her role as the fictional US President Selina Meyer in the show "Veep."

2. The article mentions that Julia Louis-Dreyfus revealed her ultra-short hairstyle in the newest season of "Veep" was inspired by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. This is also consistent with the summary, which states the same.

3. However, the inconsistency arises when the article explains that Julia Louis-Dreyfus opted to wear a wig while filming the show instead of chopping her own hair to mirror that of her character. The summary implies that Julia Louis-Dreyfus actually models the ultra-short hairstyle herself, which would suggest she cut her hair, but the article clarifies that she wore a wig and did not actually cut her hair.

4. The summary does not include the detail about Julia wearing a wig, which is a significant piece of information regarding her hairstyle on the show. This omission leads to a misunderstanding of how Julia achieved the hairstyle for her character, making the summary inconsistent with the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that Julia Louis-Dreyfus revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of Veep was inspired by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
2. However, the article does not state that the ultra-short hairstyle in the newest season of Veep was inspired by Hillary Clinton. It mentions that Julia Louis-Dreyfus revealed her inspiration from Hillary Clinton for the ultra-short hairstyle but doesn't specify that it directly influenced the hairstyle in Veep.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary suggests a direct connection between Hillary Clinton's hairstyle inspiration and the specific ultra-short hairstyle in the newest season of Veep, while the article does not provide this level of detail.

###Corrected:
