Article:
(CNN)The last time Frank Jordan spoke with his son, Louis Jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the South Carolina coast. The next time he spoke with him, more than two months had passed and the younger Jordan was on a German-flagged container ship 200 miles from North Carolina, just rescued from his disabled boat. "I thought I lost you," the relieved father said. Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express on his ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean. "I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me, and I was grateful to God that my parents were not going to be worried about me," Jordan told CNN. Frank Jordan told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he had worried about his son, who is an inexperienced sailor, but he held hope because his son had a good boat. And he had the strength to make it. "He's got very strong constitution and (is strong) not only physically, but spiritually," Frank Jordan told CNN. "And he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time, so I believe that sustained him a great deal." The younger Jordan said he took his sailboat out to the Gulf Stream to find some better fishing, when it capsized.  He broke his shoulder when the boat flipped. Because of the injury, Jordan couldn't repair the boat's mast, which had snapped. "Everything I owned got broken -- all my electronics, my GPS devices," Jordan said.  He was dead in the water. Jordan drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed. He was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail, Jordan said, but he could make little headway against the currents. "It took so long," he said.  "It moved so slowly." The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued, according to Jordan. After his food and water ran out, it became an issue of survival. Collecting fresh water was a nightmare for Jordan.  The weather wouldn't cooperate. "I had tried to collect (rain)water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat," Jordan said.  "The waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad. "Finally the conditions were right.  I filled up my water tank, which is 25 gallons.  I filled up a bucket." Then there was the issue of food. The fish weren't cooperating, but after a while Jordan learned that they were attracted to his laundry that he would put out to sea for a rinse. The fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net, he said. Jodran came ashore Thursday evening. CNN affiliate WAVY in Norfolk, Virginia, reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into Sentara Norfolk General Hospital at about 7:30 p.m. Jordan was reported missing January 29, a few days after his last contact with his father. Two months of concern poured out in a phone call with his son's rescuers. Frank Jordan thanked the captain of the Houston Express. "You're a good man, I swear.  You did what you are supposed to do, and I sure do appreciate it," he says. "And I know my son appreciates it." CNN's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.

Summary:
`` i was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me , '' louis jordan says . his father says he held hope because his son had a good boat . `` he 's got very strong constitution and -lrb- is strong -rrb- not only physically , but spiritually , '' he says .

GPT4:
The summary states that Louis Jordan's father held hope because his son had a good boat. However, the article does not mention the quality of the boat as a reason for the father's hope. Instead, the father is quoted as saying he held hope because his son had a strong constitution both physically and spiritually, and because his son was praying the whole time, which he believed sustained him a great deal.

Here's the step-by-step reasoning:

1. The summary claims the father held hope due to the quality of the boat ("his father says he held hope because his son had a good boat").
2. The article quotes Frank Jordan discussing his son's strength and spirituality as reasons for hope ("He's got very strong constitution and (is strong) not only physically, but spiritually," Frank Jordan told CNN. "And he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time, so I believe that sustained him a great deal.").
3. There is no mention in the article of the father expressing hope due to the quality of the boat.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it incorrectly attributes the father's hope to the quality of the boat rather than his son's strength and spirituality.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that Louis Jordan said, "I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me." It also suggests that his father said, "I held hope because my son had a good boat. He's got a very strong constitution, not only physically, but spiritually."
2. However, the article does not contain direct quotes from Louis Jordan or his father with these exact words. The summary paraphrases their sentiments but does not accurately represent their statements in the article.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary presents statements in quotation marks, suggesting direct quotes from Louis Jordan and his father, while the article does not contain these specific quoted phrases. The summary paraphrases their sentiments instead of using their actual words from the article.

###Corrected:
