Article:
Mollie King shot to fame as one fifth of girlband The Saturdays but the singer, who is known and loved for her forward-forward style, has been quietly carving out a successful career for herself in fashion. With two successful sell-out edits already under her belt, the 27-year-old is once again collaborating with Oasis to launch her Loved By Mollie edit - a carefully selected pick of her favourite pieces from the high-street store. Mollie has selected 15 pieces she believes encapsulate the season’s key trends, which she models to perfection in the new campaign imagery. Mollie King, who found fame with The Saturdays, is back collaborating with Oasis to launch her Loved By Mollie edit - a carefully selected pick of her favourite pieces from the high-street store . Speaking to FEMAIL at the exclusive unveiling of the new range at Balthazar restaurant, the stylish star said: 'I'm so excited to be back again working with Oasis because I had so much fun the first two times around and the reception was fantastic. 'What I love about Oasis  as a high street store is that it's really trend-led but also affordable.' The latest edit is a selection of key wardrobe staples, including classic stripes and khaki accents, which Mollie says are perfect for taking you from day to night. Mollie has already curated two edits for the high street brand and now she's back with a third . The latest edit is a selection of key wardrobe staples including classic stripes and khaki accents, as well as more feminine dresses, which Mollie says are perfect for date night . The latest edit, which is full of breton tops and crisp white denim and lands on March 26, certainly reflects Mollie's sloaney style. There's trendy wide leg culottes and feminine print blouses, which Mollie says are perfect for date night dressing, as well as printed dresses and plenty of bang-on-trend utilitarian styles. Revealing her favourite pieces, Mollie, who was dressed head-to-toe in Oasis, of course, said: 'I love the khaki jumpsuit and the long line military style coat because I think this colour is having a real moment.' Speaking to FEMAIL, Mollie said: 'I'm so excited to be back again working with Oasis because I had so much fun the first two times around and as a high street store, it's really trend-led but also affordable' Speaking about working with the pop star-turned-designer, a spokesperson for Oasis added: ‘Working with Mollie has been a perfect partnership for Oasis. Our customers love Mollie as she is accessible, has a natural style and great eye for fashion. 'As a brand we are delighted to be working with Mollie for her ultimate edit of key picks for SS15. With the brilliant reaction to her previous two edits we’re sure our customers will love this one too.’ Mollie's fashion career is going from strength to strength after she was snapped up by Next Model Management and is now a regular fixture on the most starry fashion week front rows  and parties. FEMAIL joined Mollie at the exclusive unveiling of the new range at Balthazar restaurant and she told us the khaki jumpsuit she was wearing was one of her hero pieces from the new edit .

Summary:
the 27-year-old is once again collaborating with oasis to launch her loved.

GPT4:
The inconsistency in the summary lies in the age of Mollie King. The summary states that Mollie King is 27 years old. However, the article does not provide any information about her age. Without any mention of her age in the article, the summary includes a specific detail that is not supported by the provided text. Therefore, the summary is inconsistent with the article because it introduces an age that is not referenced or verified by the article's content.

HUMAN:
1. The summary mentions the 27-year-old is once again collaborating with oasis to launch her loved.
2. But the article mentions the 27-year-old is once again collaborating with Oasis to launch her Loved By Mollie edit - a carefully selected pick of her favourite pieces from the high-street store.
3. The Loebd By Mollie is a name which cannot be abbreviated, thus the summary is inconsistent with article.

###Corrected:
