Article:
Veteran actor Robert Hardy is selling his enormous collection of antiques in a £100,000 auction after deciding to downsize his home. The star, known for appearing in All Creatures Great and Small and playing Winston Churchill several times, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. Mr Hardy, 89, is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R.R. Tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow. Sale: Actor Robert Hardy is selling off his collection of antiques including a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt Cabinets: A pair of early Victorian items of furniture made by Gillows of Lancaster which are set to fetch up to £4,000 at the auction on Saturday Portrait: A painting of Mr Hardy holding a longbow, reflecting his interest in medieval history One of the most unusual items featured in the auction of his possessions is a hand-painted limewood diorama depicted the progress of the Battle of Agincourt in 3D. The piece was created by artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s after being commissioned by Mr Hardy himself, and has an estimate of £4,000 to £6,000. There is also a longbow made from yew with a mother-of-pearl handle, as well as a portrait of Mr Hardy holding the bow, which is set to sell for up to £2,000. The actor is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers. Diorama: The 3D model was commissioned specially by Mr Hardy from artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s Close-up: The piece was rendered in amazing detail showing the progress of the battle in 1415 Luxurious: A view of many of the items of furniture and other antiques which are being sold Dozens of books, some dating back to the 17th century, are included in the auction which is set to take place this Saturday. A total of 238 lots are being sold by Dominic Winter auctioneers at its saleroom in South Cerney, Gloucestershire. Mr Hardy, who lives in the Cotswolds, said that he was sad to sell his collection. 'Downsizing and losing a great part of a treasured library makes for sadness,' he said. 'Entrusting it all to Dominic Winter and Co has taken away much of the pain, and through them I wish anyone who comes to possess anything that was mine as much joy and pleasure as it has given me through the years.' Historical: An early 20th-century painting of Alfred the Great rebuilding London, by Frank Owen Salisbury Auction: The objects are being sold at Dominic Winter in Gloucestershire on Saturday Pride: Mr Hardy pictured in 2012 with the longbow and other objects from his collection He has built up the haul of antiques thanks to his interest in classic literature and military history. Mr Hardy was taught by Tolkien and C.S. Lewis when he studied English at Magdalen College, Oxford, and he has published two books on the history of the longbow. He was also consulted as an expert during the raising of the Tudor shipwreck the Mary Rose. Mr Hardy, a close friend of Richard Burton, worked with top actors including Laurence Olivier, John Gielgud and Judi Dench during his early days as a Shakespearean specialist. He found national fame playing vet Siegfried Farnon in All Creatures Great and Small, the hit BBC drama which aired between 1978 and 1990 and also starred Lynda Bellingham. Star: Mr Hardy, left, is known for his role as vet Siegriein the BBC's All Creatures Great and Small Role: He has frequently played Winston Churchill in a series of television dramas New generation: Mr Hardy appeared as Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge in the Harry Potter films The actor is well known for portraying Winston Churchill in a number of television performances, and has also played Churchill's fellow Second World War leader Franklin D. Roosevelt. More recently, he introduced himself to a younger generation of viewers with an appearance in the Harry Potter films, where he played Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic. Mr Hardy was forced to retire from stage acting two years ago, when he suffered a fall while playing Churchill again in The Audience, a West End play about the Queen which starred Helen Mirren. However, he has insisted that he will continue to do television work despite his advanced age.

Summary:
robert hardy is selling off his collection of antiques including a diorama of the battle of agincourt . the star , known for appearing in all creatures great and playing winston churchill several times , is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow .

GPT4:
The summary states that Robert Hardy is selling off his collection of antiques, including a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt, and that he is known for appearing in "All Creatures Great" and playing Winston Churchill several times. It also mentions that he studied with J.R.R. Tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow. 

Here are the inconsistencies:

1. The summary incorrectly shortens the title of the television series "All Creatures Great and Small" to "All Creatures Great." This is a factual error as it omits the word "Small" from the title.

2. The summary ends abruptly with "Tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow." This sentence is incomplete and does not make sense in its current form. It seems to be missing a portion that would likely explain that Hardy studied with Tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow.

3. The summary omits the fact that Hardy is 89 years old and has decided to downsize his home, which is the reason for the auction. This context is important to understand why the auction is taking place.

4. The summary does not mention that the auction is expected to raise £100,000, which is a significant detail about the event.

5. The summary fails to include any mention of Hardy's role as Cornelius Fudge in the Harry Potter films, which is a notable part of his career, especially for introducing him to a younger generation of viewers.

6. The summary does not mention that Hardy was forced to retire from stage acting two years ago due to a fall, which is relevant to his current situation and decision to auction his collection.

7. The summary does not reflect Hardy's sentiment about the auction, as he expresses sadness about downsizing his treasured library, which adds a personal element to the story.

The summary needs to correct the title of the TV series, complete the sentence about Tolkien and the longbow, and include the missing details to accurately reflect the content of the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that Robert Hardy is selling a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt as part of his collection of antiques.
2. However, the article states that one of the most unusual items featured in the auction is a hand-painted limewood diorama depicting the progress of the Battle of Agincourt in 3D. This diorama was created by an artist commissioned by Mr. Hardy himself. Therefore, the diorama is indeed part of the auction, but it is not the entire collection. The summary oversimplifies this by implying that the diorama is the main item in the collection.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the article implies the auction includes more than just the Battle of Agincourt diorama, including various other items such as paintings, furniture, swords, rifles, silverware, and crystal chandeliers, while the summary states that the focus is primarily on the diorama itself.

###Corrected:
