Article:
Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip. The 44-year-old from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday. Police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. Great Manchester Police Chadderton division revealed a man lodged a complaint that the weather on his holiday was 'too hot' The incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page, along with a warning that members of the public should not waste police time. There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine. A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police told MailOnline Travel: 'The male was advised that this was not a police problem.' Following the post being shared on Facebook, there were mixed reactions to the man's actions. Janine Gamblen wrote: 'Some people really are just stupid,' while Sarah Edwards added: 'Only in Oldham.' The 44-year-old man had recently returned to the UK from a holiday in Algeria (file photo) 'The mind boggles,' commented Tracy Ayre while Suzi Force believes the man should have been punished, saying: 'Give him a holiday in a cell, maybe he will think twice next time!' However, Joanne Parker made light of the incident writing: 'Haha funny...would love to have seen the police face.' The current temperatures in Algeria is 28C, and this has remained fairly constant over the last week or two. Temperatures are set to peak at 25C over the next three days in England, however the north will see slightly lower temperatures than the south. It's not known if the Oldham man travelled to the Sahara Desert in Algeria, where he would undoubtedly have been 'hot'

Summary:
police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker tried to lodge an official complaint at the great manchester police chadderton division . the 44-year-old from oldham decided had just returned from algeria and wanted to complain about his trip . police said the weather on his holiday was ` too hot ' the incident was shared by the police press office on its facebook page .

GPT4:
1. The summary states that "police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker tried to lodge an official complaint at the great manchester police chadderton division." This is consistent with the article, which mentions that Greater Manchester Police tweeted a warning after a man walked into a station to complain about his trip.

2. The summary mentions that "the 44-year-old from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about his trip." This is also consistent with the article, which states that the man had just returned from Algeria and went to the police to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday.

3. The summary includes the detail that "police said the weather on his holiday was `too hot'." This is consistent with the article, which reveals that the man lodged a complaint that the weather on his holiday was 'too hot.'

4. The summary notes that "the incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page." This is consistent with the article, which indicates that the incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page, along with a warning not to waste police time.

The summary appears to be consistent with the article in all the points mentioned. However, there is a grammatical error in the summary: "the 44-year-old from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria" should be corrected to "the 44-year-old from Oldham who had just returned from Algeria." This error does not affect the consistency of the information but should be corrected for clarity.

HUMAN:
1. The summary implies that the police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. The 44-year-old from Oldham had returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about his trip because he thought the weather was "too hot."
2. However, the article states that the Greater Manchester Police did tweet about the incident where the man complained about the hot weather on his holiday. It mentions that members of the public should not waste police time, and there's a warning that such an offense can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the article implies a warning about wasting police time, but the summary states that the police tweeted a warning without specifying its content.

###Corrected:
