Article:
(CNN)One of the biggest TV events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences. "Roots," the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. Now A&E networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016. A&E, Lifetime and History (formerly the History Channel) announced Thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce the new miniseries. A press release describes the new version as "original" and "contemporary" and will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family." Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. "We are proud to bring this saga to fans of the original, as well as to a new generation that will experience this powerful and poignant tale for the first time," said Dirk Hoogstra, History's executive vice president and general manager. "Audiences will once again feel the impact of Kunta Kinte's indomitable spirit." Executive producer Mark Wolper, son of the original's producer David L. Wolper, added, "Kunta Kinte began telling his story over 200 years ago and that story went through his family lineage, to Alex Haley, to my father, and now the mantle rests with me. Like Kunta Kinte fought to tell his story over and over again, so must we." The remade "Roots" will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation's first African-American president and "12 Years a Slave" win the Oscar for Best Picture, but also widespread racial unrest over police treatment of black suspects in many U.S. cities. "My career began with 'Roots' and I am proud to be a part of this new adaptation," said Burton. "There is a huge audience of contemporary young Americans who do not know the story of 'Roots' or its importance."

Summary:
a&e networks are remaking the series , to air in 2016 . the three networks will broadcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte . the `` roots '' is the epic episode of the african-american slave and his descendants . the series of `` original '' and `` contemporary '' will be the new version of the original version .

GPT4:
1. The summary states that "the 'Roots' is the epic episode of the African-American slave and his descendants." This statement is inconsistent with the article, which describes "Roots" as an "epic miniseries," not a single episode. The term "miniseries" refers to a television program that tells a story in a limited number of episodes, which is different from a single episode.

2. The summary uses the phrase "the series of 'original' and 'contemporary' will be the new version of the original version." This sentence is confusing and does not accurately reflect the information in the article. The article states that the new version is described as "original" and "contemporary" in the press release, meaning that it aims to present the story in a way that resonates with modern audiences while drawing more from Alex Haley's novel. The summary's phrasing does not clearly convey this intention.

3. The summary does not mention any of the key details provided in the article, such as the involvement of LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kunta Kinte in the original miniseries and will co-executive produce the new miniseries. It also omits the fact that the remake will be simulcast across A&E, Lifetime, and History networks.

4. The summary fails to include the context provided in the article about the relevance of the "Roots" remake to contemporary events, such as the historical significance of Barack Obama's presidency and the racial unrest mentioned in the article.

5. The summary does not acknowledge the producers' intention to consult scholars for added authenticity, which is an important aspect mentioned in the article regarding the remake's development.

In summary, the provided summary is inconsistent with the article because it inaccurately describes "Roots" as an episode rather than a miniseries, uses confusing language that does not reflect the press release's description of the new version, and omits several key details and contexts that are important to understanding the scope and intent of the "Roots" remake.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that the three networks (A&E, Lifetime, and History) will broadcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, but the article states that only A&E will broadcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte the other two Lifetime and History are not networks
2. The summary states that the new version of "Roots" will be "original" and "contemporary," but the article states that the new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel and will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. This implies that the new version will be more faithful to the original material and will have a stronger historical basis, whereas the summary implies that the new version will be entirely new and contemporary.
3. The article states that LeVar Burton will co-executive produce the new miniseries, but the summary does not mention this.

###Corrected:
