Article:
The dismissal of Paul Downton as England's managing director may be the big talking point in English cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season. However, you don't have to go to far before talk returns to the England team again as Kevin Pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign. Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the England set-up took a step closer. Kevin Pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for Surrey . The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season . As team-mates turn their attention to other matters, Pietersen looks ahead in deep thought . The batsman joked with photographers at the KIA Oval for the photo session, with Surrey set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19. Downton's sacking on Wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up having been controversially axed by the former managing director in 2014. It was during the last Ashes tour for England in Australia last year when Pietersen last featured at international level, in a disastrous trip which saw his side suffer a whitewash series defeat. With England hoping to regain the urn this summer on home soil, Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday. Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval . Using his camera, Pietersen turned the tables to take pictures of photographers . Team-mate Chris Tremlett flashes a smile as he and Pietersen share a joke during the event . Photographers gather round Pietersen to get close-up pictures of the batsman . Pietersen flashes a cheeky grin to the camera as he sat at the end of the front row for the team photo . Pietersen was all smiles as he joked with team-mates ahead of the new county championship season . Pietersen smiles as he sits alongside Chris Tremlett (second right), Stuart Meaker (centre), Jason Roy (second left) and Jade Dernbach . Pietersen walks out to the KIA Oval pitch with a tracksuit top on, closely followed by his Surrey team-mates . Pietersen  jokes with a photographer during the Surrey CCC photocall at The Kia Oval . Pietersen looks on from inside the KIA Oval as he hopes to work his way back into the England set-up with Surrey .

Summary:
paul downton host paul downton as england 's managing director . kevin pietersen joked with reporters at the kia oval for the photo . he posed for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey at the new campaign . pietersen joked that he joked with photographers at the end of the season . he is the to return to the international set-up after being axed by former director director in 2014 .

GPT4:
1. The summary begins with "paul downton host paul downton as england 's managing director." This statement is inconsistent with the article, which states that Paul Downton was dismissed from his position as England's managing director. The summary incorrectly suggests that Paul Downton is hosting himself in the role.

2. The summary mentions "kevin pietersen joked with reporters at the kia oval for the photo." The article does not mention Kevin Pietersen joking with reporters; it mentions him joking with photographers during the photo session. Reporters and photographers have different roles, and the article specifically refers to photographers.

3. The summary states, "he posed for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey at the new campaign." This statement is redundant and awkwardly phrased. The article does mention Pietersen posing for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign, but the summary's phrasing is confusing and repetitive.

4. The summary includes "pietersen joked that he joked with photographers at the end of the season." This statement is inconsistent with the article in two ways. First, the article does not mention Pietersen making a joke about joking with photographers. Second, the article does not indicate that the events are taking place at the end of the season; it is actually discussing the beginning of the county championship season.

5. The summary ends with "he is the to return to the international set-up after being axed by former director director in 2014." This sentence is grammatically incorrect and unclear. The article does suggest that Pietersen's return to the England set-up is a possibility following Downton's dismissal, but the summary's phrasing is confusing ("he is the to return" does not make sense). Additionally, the term "former director director" is incorrect and should be "former managing director."

Overall, the summary contains inaccuracies, grammatical errors, and misrepresentations of the information provided in the article.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that Paul Downton is the England managing director, but the article states that he was dismissed from the position.
2. The summary does not mention that Kevin Pietersen is set to return to the England set-up
3. The summary does not mention that Pietersen is looking to force his way back into the Test set-up, but the article does.

###Corrected:
