Article:
There would have been no mercy in the dressing room. Nothing is sacred in the team. When Ben Stokes first turned up at the Kensington Oval this week someone would have said: ‘Mind that locker, Stokesey.’ It was here, of course, that Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the England team. Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team . Stokes (left) clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England . But Stokes (right) responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores . Only a slight niggle in his back might stop Stokes playing here in Barbados and I am glad he has fought his way back after what has been a year of ups and downs. I like Stokes and I like his character at a time when the game can be perceived as producing robots and players who cannot capture the imagination. He has something about him, as he showed when he was in Mitchell Johnson’s face during the Ashes series. He was not worried about the bombardment he would get in return. But I do believe he will need careful man-managing. Peter Moores, England’s coach, dragged him to one side after his clash with Marlon Samuels in the second Test and had a long chat with him and if it was to talk about how he should respond then the advice he gave was clearly right. The way he approached the Jamaican after that third-day salute was spot on. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. It will not always come off but we have to accept that there will be lows as well as highs with this lad. What Stokes must not do is try to live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed. He can be feisty and fiery as long as it’s natural but his aggression has to be controlled. You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets. Stokes (second left) can use his aggression to bring runs and wickets to the England team . Stokes (left) congratulates England captain Alastair Cook after the side won the second Test . England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential . Let him go a bit but rein him in occasionally. There is an argument here to play the second spinner in Adil Rashid and if England went down that route in Bridgetown the place of Stokes or Chris Jordan would come into question but they clearly want both to play as much as possible. This summer there will rarely be the need for two spinners so England want these two exciting cricketers to grow into the international game. They can only get better and that’s an exciting prospect.

Summary:
Stokes is a fiery character but he has to be managed The England team is going through a big change with the arrival of Peter Moores and the need for a new-look set-up. Moores wants a team that is more dynamic and is more adventurous but his first order of business is to get the best out of Stokes. The problem with Stokes is he is a natural player.

GPT4:
1. The article discusses Ben Stokes' character and his return to the England cricket team, highlighting his fiery nature and the need for careful management of his aggression. It mentions an incident where Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker and his clash with Marlon Samuels, but also his positive response to coaching from Peter Moores.

2. The summary suggests that the England team is going through a big change with the arrival of Peter Moores and the need for a new-look set-up. However, the article does not mention any significant team overhaul or the arrival of Peter Moores as a new event. Peter Moores is referred to as England's coach in the present tense, implying he is already in the role and has been for some time.

3. The summary states that Moores wants a team that is more dynamic and adventurous, but the article does not explicitly say this. It does not provide any direct quotes or statements about Moores' vision for the team's playing style or strategic direction.

4. The summary claims that Moores' first order of business is to get the best out of Stokes. While the article does mention Moores having a positive influence on Stokes, it does not indicate that this is Moores' primary or initial focus above all other coaching responsibilities.

5. The summary ends by saying, "The problem with Stokes is he is a natural player." This statement is vague and does not align with the article's content. The article does not frame Stokes' natural playing ability as a problem; instead, it suggests that his aggression needs to be controlled and channeled positively.

In conclusion, the summary is inconsistent with the article because it implies a new coaching change that isn't mentioned, attributes goals and visions to Moores that aren't supported by the article, and misrepresents the article's portrayal of Stokes' natural playing ability as a problem.

HUMAN:
1. The article implies that Stokes is a key player for England, but the summary does not emphasize this. 
2. The summary does not mention that Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the England team.
3. The summary states that Stokes is a natural player, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article highlights Stokes' feisty and fiery nature, which suggests that he is not a natural player.

###Corrected:
