Article:
A southern Iowa chiropractor accused of accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on patients has surrendered his state license. The Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni. Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. Patient satisfaction: A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Nonetheless, he's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com . The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state. Those circumstances included bartering sex for services with some patients. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them. A woman who answered a call to Manuel's home from the Des Moines Register declined to comment on the case. A woman at his former practice said he hadn't worked there for some time. A Lamoni address listed on the Yelp page for Manuel's practice appears to be a home on a residential street. While Maneul has received just three patient survey responses on HealthGrades.com, those responses were quite positive. The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction. Strange practice: Charles Manuel, who admitted wrongdoing to the Iowa Board of Chiropractic, listed his practice's addresses on this residential street in the small agricultural town of Lamoni in southern Iowa .

Summary:
A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Nonetheless, he's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com. Read more at the Des Moines Register.

GPT4:
The inconsistency in the summary lies in the statement that the chiropractor "received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com." This statement implies that the chiropractor has a general trend of high patient satisfaction ratings. However, the article specifies that "while Manuel has received just three patient survey responses on HealthGrades.com, those responses were quite positive." This indicates that the sample size of the reviews is very small (only three responses), which does not necessarily reflect a broad or reliable measure of patient satisfaction. The summary's claim of "outstanding evaluations" is misleading because it overstates the significance of a few positive reviews without acknowledging the limited number of responses.

HUMAN:
1. The summary fails to states that he signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.

###Corrected:
