Article:
Former Holland forward and assistant coach Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying as coach of Curacao. The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday. Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate. Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 World Cup qualification . Former Holland assistant Kluivert (far right) worked with Louis van Gaal (centre) at the 2014 World Cup . The first-round encounter was headed to extra time on Tuesday until former Holland Under 21 international Charlton Vicento scored in the 87th minute, five minutes after coming on as a substitute. Curacao face Cuba in the next round, on June 8 and 16. Kluivert, whose mother is from Curacao, was a World Cup losing semi-finalist in 1998 as a player, and last year as assistant to coach Louis van Gaal.

Summary:
the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . curacao drew 2-2 in a match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . louis van gaal scored in the 87th minute five minutes after a substitute .

GPT4:
The inconsistency in the summary lies in the statement "Louis van Gaal scored in the 87th minute five minutes after a substitute." This statement is incorrect based on the information provided in the article for the following reasons:

1. The article states that it was "former Holland Under 21 international Charlton Vicento" who scored in the 87th minute, not Louis van Gaal. Louis van Gaal is mentioned in the article as having worked with Patrick Kluivert during the 2014 World Cup, but there is no mention of him playing in the match or scoring a goal.

2. Louis van Gaal is a well-known football coach and former player, but at the time of the 2018 World Cup qualifying matches, he would have been retired from playing for many years. It is highly unlikely that he would be scoring goals in World Cup qualifiers.

3. The summary incorrectly implies that Louis van Gaal was a substitute who came on and scored, which is not supported by any information in the article.

Therefore, the correct information should be that Charlton Vicento, not Louis van Gaal, scored the goal in the 87th minute for Curacao.

HUMAN:
1. The summary states that Louis van Gaal scored in the 87th minute, but the article does not mention Louis van Gaal scoring at all.
2. The article states that Charlton Vicento scored in the 87th minute, but the summary does not mentiont this at all.

###Corrected:
