<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    it\'s one of the most popular song in japanese-but a song that has gone viral on social media has become an internet hit. 

    Article: 
    Share this withEmailFacebookMessengerMessengerTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedInCopy this linkInfectiously-catchy earworm 'PPAP' (short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen') was performed by animal print-clad DJ Piko-Taro, a fictional character played by Japanese entertainer Kazuhiko Kosaka.And it goes like this:"I have a pen. I have an apple. Apple-pen!I have a pen. I have [a] pineapple. Pineapple-pen!Apple-pen. Pineapple-pen. Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen."But how did the 40-year-old DJ come up with such a bizarre song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple?"When I was making this music with play, I was [just] singing it too soon," the newly-crowned internet star explained in a tweet to fans from an account created for his newly-coined character.It has all the ingredients for a viral video formula: an addictive beat, silly lyrics and a hilariously simple dance routine to back it up.And it was only a matter of time before the minute-long song, first uploaded onto Piko-Taro's official YouTube channel, quickly spread to Facebook.While the original video has gone on to amass more than 4m views, entertainment portal 9GAG's Facebook video surpassed that to draw more than 44m views."I'm ruined - I will never get this song out of my head," lamented Facebook user Carlos Andrés Silva in a comment.Nelson Rivera Adrian Paige agreed, voicing concern for the number of times he has looped the video. "I am both highly amused as well as extremely confused."Other users like Daniel Hou who watched the video pointed out Piko-Taro's unique wardrobe."Am I the only one who noticed that this guy is the real-life version of Borsalino [Kizaru] from One Piece," he said, drawing reference to the popular flamboyantly-dressed manga-anime character.But one man's catchy viral song may prove to be another's jarring burden."Please stop sharing this annoying song, it's exploded on my feed and is driving me up the wall because it's so irritating to listen to," said Facebook user Hiro Kenshida in a plea.At time of writing, few mainstream Japanese news sites have covered this particular earworm, even though it has been widely picked up internationally. It has not particularly trended on Japanese social media.He has already been dubbed the next Psy and it could even be that this was precisely what was in mind - one catchy  ditty, pushed by digital influencers but with the precise aim of becoming a global phenomenon.But the hype did not stop there.Hundreds of tributes and covers of Piko-Taro's tune have also appeared on Facebook, each gaining cult followings of their own.Many Japanese stars, including popular duo Riko and Rika, came up with vines of their own.There's even been a heavy metal tribute as well as a cover from Thai social media star Happy Polla.What a time to be alive. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the song is about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article explains that the song is about combining a pen, an apple, and a pineapple, but does not specify how they are combined.
2. The summary states that the song is a viral hit on social media, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that the song has gained a cult following and has been covered by many Japanese stars, but it does not mention the song going viral on social media.
3. The summary states that the song is about a fictional character named Piko-Taro, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article refers to the performer as "DJ Piko-Taro," a fictional character played by Japanese entertainer Kazuhiko Kosaka.
4. The summary states that the song has been covered by many Japanese stars, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that hundreds of tributes and covers of Piko-Taro's tune have appeared on Facebook, each gaining cult followings of their own.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not mentioned in the article, such as the song being about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple, going viral on social media, and being covered by many Japanese stars. Additionally, the summary does not accurately convey the tone of the article, which is more serious and focused on the unique nature of the song and its cultural significance.

###Corrected:
