<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    celebrity celebrity reality tv star peter wright is set to take over from celebrity reality tv star timericayericay town. 

    Article: 
    Dan Groves said the "finer points" of a deal which could see Wright buy 20% of the club are yet to be released.The Sun reported that the 30-year-old will become a club director.Billericay are eighth in the Isthmian League Premier Division, three points adrift of a play-off place.Wright, who was runner-up in I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here in 2011, played non-league football for a succession of clubs, including Lewes, Crawley Town and Rushden & Diamonds.Billericay have recently been taken over by multi-millionaire Glenn Tamplin, who said shortly after completing a deal for the club that he was "comfortable" investing £10,000 a week.The club signed former England international Paul Konchesky, 35, at the start of March. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary. Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary mentions "celebrity reality TV star Peter Wright" taking over from another celebrity reality TV star, Timeryicayericay Town. However, there is no mention of Timeryicayericay Town in the article.
2. The article only talks about Peter Wright becoming a club director and the club's investment in the player. There is no mention of Wright taking over the club.
3. The summary states that Wright will buy 20% of the club, but the article does not mention any such deal or investment.
4. The article mentions that the club has been taken over by multi-millionaire Glenn Tamplin, but the summary does not mention this.
5. The summary mentions that the club is in the Isthmian League Premier Division, but the article does not provide any information about the club's league position.

Therefore, based on the inconsistencies listed above, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary contains information that is not present in the article, and omits other important information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
