<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the new owners of bernard matthews have said they are " confident " a new pension pension scheme will be changed. 

    Article: 
    The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday.There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme.But Unite regional officer Steve Harley said: "We had productive talks and we were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured."Unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that its members presently have an alternative pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover.The Boparan Private Office, the "chicken king" Mr Boparan's private investment, confirmed that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the new ownership.Mr Harley met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters.He said: "It was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews to its former position as a highly profitable business."This would be achieved by greater investment in the business, cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the new owners of Bernard Matthews are "confident" that the new pension scheme will be changed.
2. However, the article states that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews will continue under the new ownership.
3. This means that the summary is not consistent with the article, as the article does not support the idea that the new owners are confident about changing the pension scheme.
4. In fact, the article states that the current pension scheme will continue, and that the new owners have given guarantees that all current agreements will be honored.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is that it incorrectly states that the new owners are confident about changing the pension scheme, when in fact the article states that the current pension arrangements will continue under the new ownership.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the new owners of Bernard Matthews have said they believe a new pension scheme will be changed.
2. However, the article does not mention any intention or need to change the pension scheme. In fact, the article emphasizes that the new owner, Ranjit Boparan, confirmed that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the new ownership.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary implies that there will be changes to the pension scheme under the new ownership, while the article explicitly states that the current pension arrangements will be honored and continued without any changes.
