<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    construction work has started on a new # [UNK] power station in brighton, which would create a new power station in brighton. 

    Article: 
    It would make the disused Fawley power station chimney the tallest such attraction south of London's Shard.Developers Fawley Waterside said it would be the centrepiece of a "merchant city" development.The power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation.Architects plans show a petal-shaped glass structure at the centre of a £1bn development featuring a marina, housing and restaurants.It also includes fast ferry links to Southampton and Portsmouth.With an application for outline planning permission due later this year, building could start in 2018.The oil-fired Fawley Power Station, on the western side of Southampton Water, was commissioned in 1971 and was capable of powering one million homes.The 300-acre site was sold to Fawley Waterside developers in 2016.Aldred Drummond of the company said: "We'd be mad to knock the chimney down - its our signature piece of infrastructure."If you think of the money spent building the i360 in Brighton, or the Spinnaker Tower in Portsmouth, this building is already there so with relatively little investment we can do something very spectacular."1971Commissioned on the western shore of Southampton Water2,000 megawatt oil-fired power station fuelled by nearby Esso refinery198 metre-high chimney dominates the Solent sykline1,100  miles of cable were laid within the power stationOne million homes were powered by Fawley 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that a new power station is being built in Brighton, but the article does not mention anything about a new power station being built in Brighton. Instead, the article talks about the redevelopment of the existing Fawley Power Station site in Southampton.
2. The summary mentions that the power station will create a new power station in Brighton, but the article does not mention anything about a new power station being built in Brighton. Instead, the article talks about the redevelopment of the existing Fawley Power Station site in Southampton.
3. The summary states that the power station will be the centrepiece of a "merchant city" development, but the article does not mention anything about a "merchant city" development. Instead, the article talks about the redevelopment of the existing Fawley Power Station site in Southampton featuring a marina, housing, and restaurants.
4. The summary mentions that the power station will be built in 2018, but the article does not mention anything about a specific construction start date. Instead, the article states that an application for outline planning permission is due later this year.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and exaggerations about the redevelopment of the Fawley Power Station site in Southampton.

###Corrected:
1. The summary mentions construction work starting on a new power station in Brighton.
2. However, the article does not provide any information about construction work in Brighton related to a new power station. The article primarily discusses the disused Fawley power station and its potential redevelopment.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary introducing information about a new power station in Brighton, which is not mentioned in the article.
