<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the northern ireland assembly has voted to introduce legislation to allow gay men to be convicted of sex offences. 

    Article: 
    Share this withEmailFacebookMessengerMessengerTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedinCopy this linkJustice Minister Claire Sugden confirmed a motion will go before the assembly for approval.The move will bring Northern Ireland in line with England and Wales, where plans for automatic pardons were announced last month.Those proposals would see men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences receive posthumous pardons.Dubbed 'Turing's Law', after the World War Two code-breaker Alan Turing, the law will also allow living men convicted of such offences to apply for a pardon.The motion in the assembly is expected to contain the same provisions and allow for pardons both posthumously as well as for living gay and bisexual men.The minister said she has secured executive agreement to ask the assembly to pass a legislative consent motion to pardon convictions related to abolished sexual offences.Ms Sugden said that arrangements would be brought in "as soon as possible to ensure that there is equal treatment for gay and bisexual men here as for their counterparts in England and Wales"."This is an opportunity for the criminal justice system to try and right the wrongs of the past and one which will allow for much earlier resolve than that presented by way of an assembly bill," she added.The motion will now go forward for consideration by the assembly. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to introduce legislation to allow gay men to be convicted of sex offences, which is not accurate. The article states that the legislation is intended to pardon men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences, not to allow new convictions.
2. The summary implies that the legislation will allow for the conviction of gay men for sex offences, which is not true. The article states that the legislation will allow for posthumous pardons for men who were convicted of such offences, and living men who were convicted can also apply for a pardon.
3. The summary does not mention the purpose of the legislation, which is to pardon men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences, as stated in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents the purpose and potential impact of the legislation.

###Corrected:
