<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the new owners of the bernard matthews have said they are ``dismayed\'\'that a new pension scheme will be held in the uk. 

    Article: 
    The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday.There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme.But Unite regional officer Steve Harley said: "We had productive talks and we were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured."Unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that its members presently have an alternative pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover.The Boparan Private Office, the "chicken king" Mr Boparan's private investment, confirmed that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the new ownership.Mr Harley met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters.He said: "It was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews to its former position as a highly profitable business."This would be achieved by greater investment in the business, cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the new owners of Bernard Matthews are "dismayed" that a new pension scheme will be held in the UK.
2. However, the article states that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews will continue under the new ownership.
3. This means that the new owners are not "dismayed" about the pension scheme, as the summary claims.
4. In fact, the article states that the new owners, Ranjit Boparan and his private investment company Boparan Private Office, have given guarantees that all current agreements will be honored.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it misrepresents the new owners' position on the pension scheme.

Overall, the summary is not accurate because it conveys a negative sentiment about the new owners that is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the new owners are "dismayed" about a new pension scheme in the UK.
2. However, the article mentions that Unite, a labor union representative, had productive talks with the new owners and received guarantees that all current agreements, including pension arrangements, would be honored.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary implies the new owners are against the existing pension scheme, while the article states that the new owners are committed to continuing the current pension arrangements and even wish to invest in the business to make it more profitable.
