<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, said it would be "a brief return"."When I was approached about returning to EastEnders for Barbara's final episodes, it was something I could not turn down," he said.Following her surprise return to Albert Square, Dame Barbara announced her character would be killed off.Her character reappeared on Friday, having left in 2010, to tell her eldest son Phil, played by Steve McFadden, that her cancer had returned.After the episode, producers revealed that Peggy would die from the disease in emotional scenes to be screened in the spring.Now Kemp, who played Grant from 1990-1999 and then again in 2005 and 2006, will return to bring the Mitchell family back together."Barbara is a very close friend, so when I learned of the storyline it felt right that the Mitchell brothers are reunited with their mother for the last time," he said."I am really looking forward to going back to EastEnders and filming what are set to be some classic EastEnders episodes."Grant Mitchell has been one of the soap's most memorable characters in its 30-year history, arriving in 1990 along with brother Phil.He was involved in repeated family dramas including having an affair with his brother's wife, Kathy, and having his brother go on to marry his ex-wife Sharon."Grant Mitchell is an EastEnders legend and finally he is returning home to Walford to say goodbye to his mother and be reunited not just with his old loves but also his brother," said EastEnders executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins."To have the Mitchell brothers come face to face again, having to face losing their mother, is an opportunity to show Ross Kemp and Steve McFadden at their very best."
</Article>

<Summary>
eastenders actress barbara kemp has returned to eastenders to return to eastenders for a second time.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Barbara Kemp has returned to EastEnders for a second time.
2. However, the article states that Dame Barbara returned to Albert Square to tell her eldest son Phil that her cancer had returned, and she would die from the disease in emotional scenes to be screened in the spring.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it does not mention Barbara's return being related to her cancer diagnosis or her impending death.
4. The article states that Grant Mitchell, played by Ross Kemp, will return to EastEnders to bring the Mitchell family back together for the last time, and that this will be a brief return.
5. The summary does not mention Grant Mitchell or Ross Kemp, and it does not mention the reason for Barbara's return being related to her cancer diagnosis or her impending death.
6. Therefore, the summary is not a accurate representation of the article, as it does not include all the important information and instead focuses on a minor aspect of the article (Barbara's return).

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that eastenders actress barbara kemp has returned to eastenders to return to eastenders for a second time.
2. However, the article provides accurate information that Ross Kemp, who played Grant Mitchell, is returning to EastEnders for Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell's final episodes. There is no mention of Barbara Kemp in the article.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary's incorrect attribution of actions to Barbara Kemp and the inaccurate representation of the character's return, while the article correctly presents the facts about Ross Kemp's return to the show and Peggy Mitchell's storyline.
