<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information from items such as signs and posters on the site.Videos and band interviews will be among the online material available to view on phones and tablets.HebCelt is is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July.The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan, Skerryvore, Peatbog Faeries and Dougie MacLean are among this year's acts.HebCelt director Caroline Maclennan said: "We are offering the new augmented reality experience as an extra feature to add to the enjoyment of visiting the festival this year."But it will also mean people around the world can interact with the festival and capture a flavour of its atmosphere at any time."The message will be updated in the run up to HebCelt and during the event, allowing people to instantly access information and interviews, buy tickets and also get a taste of our unique festival wherever they are."
</Article>

<Summary>
all images are copyrighted.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the Hebridean Celtic Festival will have an augmented reality experience that allows visitors to access online information from signs and posters on the site, as well as videos and band interviews.
2. The summary states that all images are copyrighted.
3. There is no mention of images or copyrighted materials in the article.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions something (images) that is not present in the article.

Reasoning:

The summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions "all images" being copyrighted, but the article does not mention any images or copyrighted materials. The article only mentions an augmented reality experience and online content related to the festival. Therefore, the summary is not an accurate representation of the article's content.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that all images are copyrighted.
2. However, the article discusses the Hebridean Celtic Festival (HebCelt) taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis, describing the use of an app for augmented reality experiences and providing information about the festival's lineup and features. There is no mention of copyright-related issues in the article.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary introducing the concept of all images being copyrighted, which is not addressed or supported by the article's content. The article primarily focuses on festival details and the augmented reality experience.
