<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel.Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" and to allow feedback.Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors.He said it had been a "frustrating and disappointing start" to the ferry.Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to "training issues".Cars have also been damaged getting on and off.Shopkeeper Angie Booth, who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes, said: "Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure - other businesses too. We are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade."Will you compensate local businesses, the same as for damaged cars?"Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was up for discussion.He added: "I don't think it's a disaster. It's a prototype. There are bound to be teething problems. There were electrical problems which the company has rectified."He said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete.He said groundings were an issue with seamanship, which had been resolved.
</Article>

<Summary>
businesses and businesses on the isle of wight are to be allowed to free up the new chain ferry, the council has said.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that businesses on the Isle of Wight are to be allowed to use the new chain ferry for free.
2. The article does not mention anything about businesses using the ferry for free. Instead, it mentions that the council has ordered a review of the project by auditors and that there have been teething problems with the ferry, including breakdowns, groundings, and damage to cars.
3. The article does mention that the council is considering compensation for damaged cars, but there is no mention of compensation for businesses.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it makes a claim that is not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the council has said that businesses and businesses on the Isle of Wight are to be allowed to free up the new chain ferry.
2. However, the article discusses the issues and challenges faced by the new chain ferry on the Isle of Wight, including breakdowns, grounding, and suspension by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency. It mentions that the council has made the Cowes crossing free until 2 July for various reasons, but it doesn't explicitly state that this is to "free up" businesses.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary implying that the council's decision to make the ferry crossing free is primarily aimed at benefiting businesses, while the article provides a broader context of the ferry's problems and the council's response without specifying that the decision is solely for the benefit of businesses.
