<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a row has broken out between the isle of wight\'s troubled ferry service. 

    Article: 
    The call was made at a scrutiny meeting of the council to discuss the problems surrounding the new vessel.Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" and to allow feedback.Mr Stewart said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors.He said it had been a "frustrating and disappointing start" to the ferry.Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to "training issues".Cars have also been damaged getting on and off.Shopkeeper Angie Booth, who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes, said: "Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure - other businesses too. We are bearing the brunt of the loss of almost six months of trade."Will you compensate local businesses, the same as for damaged cars?"Transport councillor Ian Ward said compensation was up for discussion.He added: "I don't think it's a disaster. It's a prototype. There are bound to be teething problems. There were electrical problems which the company has rectified."He said the council authorised the manufacture of ramp extensions to resolve the problem of vehicles scraping the concrete.He said groundings were an issue with seamanship, which had been resolved. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that a row has broken out over the troubled ferry service on the Isle of Wight.
2. However, the article does not mention any row or disagreement between parties. Instead, it discusses the problems with the new ferry service and the council's response to those problems.
3. The article states that the council has ordered a review of the project by auditors and that the crossing at Cowes will be free until 2 July to allow for feedback.
4. The article also mentions that the ferry has broken down, run aground, and been suspended due to training issues, and that cars have been damaged getting on and off the ferry.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the content of the article. Specifically, there is no mention of a row or disagreement in the article, and the article focuses on the problems with the ferry service and the council's response to those problems.

###Corrected:
