<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich.The prosecution told Ipswich Crown Court the conduct of eye specialist Honey Rose, 35, was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal".Ms Rose denies a charge of gross negligence manslaughter.Read more on this story and other news from SuffolkJonathan Rees QC said the alleged failure of Ms Rose, of Newham, east London, to detect Vinnie's swollen optic discs during the routine test, and refer him on for further investigation, was "at the heart of the prosecution case".A build-up of fluid in his brain increased pressure in Vinnie's skull and ultimately led to his death, the court heard."The prosecution allege that Vinnie's death was preventable and would have been prevented had the defendant, Ms Rose, done her job properly," he told the jury."Given the risk of death involved, her conduct was so bad in all of the circumstances - it fell so far below the standards to be expected of a competent optometrist - that it was criminal."The trial continues.
</Article>

<Summary>
an optometrist who failed to spot an eye condition in a boy who later died has been cleared of manslaughter.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the optometrist, Honey Rose, is on trial for gross negligence manslaughter due to her failure to detect an eye condition in a boy named Vinnie, who later died.
2. The article quotes the prosecution as saying that Ms. Rose's conduct was "so far below the expected standard it was 'criminal'" and that her failure to detect the eye condition was "at the heart of the prosecution case."
3. The article also states that the prosecution alleges that Vinnie's death was preventable and that Ms. Rose's conduct was so bad that it fell "so far below the standards to be expected of a competent optometrist" that it was criminal.
4. Based on the information in the article, it is clear that the prosecution is arguing that Ms. Rose's failure to detect Vinnie's eye condition was a significant factor in his death and that her conduct was grossly negligent.
5. However, the summary states that the optometrist has been cleared of manslaughter, which is not consistent with the information in the article.
6. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the facts of the case, specifically the prosecution's allegations of gross negligence manslaughter against Ms. Rose.

###Corrected:
