<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
However the Spanish champions insisted they had not committed any offence."The aim is to cover eventual interpretations that could be given to the contracts drawn up in the operation to sign Neymar," a club statement read.Barca paid £48.6m for Santos striker Neymar, 22, in the summer with his parents receiving £34m of the fee.Between the initial fee paid in the summer, signing-on fee, wages during his five-year deal, agents fees and this latest tax payment, Neymar will have cost the club £106.8mLast month, Sandro Rosell resigned as Barcelona president following accusations he misappropriated money.He is also being investigated but denies any wrongdoing.At the time of the move, Barcelona said they had paid 57m euros (£48.6m) for Neymar but it has been alleged that, if other contracts are taken into account, the actual cost of the player was far greater.And last week a judge in Spain ruled there was sufficient evidence against Barcelona to continue investigations into the transfer.The club added: "The board denies the existence of any tax-related crime in relation to the fiscal obligations arising from the signing of the player."Given the existence of a possible divergent interpretation of the exact amount of tax responsibility arising from the signing and to defend the club's reputation and good name, FC Barcelona has this morning made a complimentary tax declaration of a total of 13,550,830.56 euros [...] although we remain convinced that the original tax payment was in line with our fiscal obligations."There has not yet been any confirmation whether the case will be dropped after Barcelona's payment.Neymar has scored seven goals in 18 league appearances for Barcelona this season, as well as netting three in seven Champions League matches.
</Article>

<Summary>
barcelona have rejected a deal to sign barcelona striker neymar from barcelona for # 48.6 m (# 200m).
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Barcelona rejected a deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for £48.6m.
2. However, the article states that Barcelona paid £48.6m to sign Neymar from Santos in the summer.
3. This means that the summary is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of Barcelona paying any fee for Neymar in the summary.
4. The article also mentions that the actual cost of Neymar to Barcelona, including signing-on fees, agents fees, and tax payments, is £106.8m, which is much higher than the £48.6m initially paid.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Barcelona has rejected a deal to sign Barcelona striker Neymar from Barcelona for £48.6 million.
2. However, the article does not mention that Barcelona rejected a deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona. Instead, the article discusses the transfer of Neymar from Santos to Barcelona for a fee of £48.6 million. It provides details about the transfer, including the amounts paid and the tax-related issues surrounding the transfer. It does not mention Barcelona trying to sign Neymar from themselves.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which incorrectly suggests that Barcelona was attempting to sign Neymar from themselves, while the article is about Neymar's transfer to Barcelona from Santos.