<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
However the Spanish champions insisted they had not committed any offence."The aim is to cover eventual interpretations that could be given to the contracts drawn up in the operation to sign Neymar," a club statement read.Barca paid £48.6m for Santos striker Neymar, 22, in the summer with his parents receiving £34m of the fee.Between the initial fee paid in the summer, signing-on fee, wages during his five-year deal, agents fees and this latest tax payment, Neymar will have cost the club £106.8mLast month, Sandro Rosell resigned as Barcelona president following accusations he misappropriated money.He is also being investigated but denies any wrongdoing.At the time of the move, Barcelona said they had paid 57m euros (£48.6m) for Neymar but it has been alleged that, if other contracts are taken into account, the actual cost of the player was far greater.And last week a judge in Spain ruled there was sufficient evidence against Barcelona to continue investigations into the transfer.The club added: "The board denies the existence of any tax-related crime in relation to the fiscal obligations arising from the signing of the player."Given the existence of a possible divergent interpretation of the exact amount of tax responsibility arising from the signing and to defend the club's reputation and good name, FC Barcelona has this morning made a complimentary tax declaration of a total of 13,550,830.56 euros [...] although we remain convinced that the original tax payment was in line with our fiscal obligations."There has not yet been any confirmation whether the case will be dropped after Barcelona's payment.Neymar has scored seven goals in 18 league appearances for Barcelona this season, as well as netting three in seven Champions League matches.
</Article>

<Summary>
barcelona have agreed a deal to sign neymar in connection with the club\'s tax evasion scandal.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Barcelona has agreed a deal to sign Neymar in connection with the club's tax evasion scandal.
2. The article does not mention anything about a deal being agreed or any connection to tax evasion. Instead, it reports on the club's statement denying any wrongdoing in the transfer of Neymar and their decision to make a complimentary tax declaration.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it introduces a new and unsupported claim about the club's tax evasion scandal.
4. The article does mention that the club is being investigated for tax-related crime and that a judge in Spain ruled there was sufficient evidence against Barcelona to continue investigations into the transfer. However, the article does not provide any information about a deal being agreed or any connection to tax evasion.
5. Based on the information provided in the article, the summary is not accurate and is not supported by the text.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Barcelona has agreed to a deal to sign Neymar in connection with the club's tax evasion scandal.
2. However, the article is primarily about Barcelona's response to allegations of tax evasion related to Neymar's transfer and the legal investigations surrounding it. The article does not mention Barcelona agreeing to a new deal to sign Neymar.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which suggests that Barcelona is making a new deal to sign Neymar in connection with a tax evasion scandal. This implication is not supported by the article, which focuses on the existing transfer and the tax-related issues associated with it.
