<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Share this withEmailFacebookMessengerMessengerTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedInCopy this linkInfectiously-catchy earworm 'PPAP' (short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen') was performed by animal print-clad DJ Piko-Taro, a fictional character played by Japanese entertainer Kazuhiko Kosaka.And it goes like this:"I have a pen. I have an apple. Apple-pen!I have a pen. I have [a] pineapple. Pineapple-pen!Apple-pen. Pineapple-pen. Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen."But how did the 40-year-old DJ come up with such a bizarre song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple?"When I was making this music with play, I was [just] singing it too soon," the newly-crowned internet star explained in a tweet to fans from an account created for his newly-coined character.It has all the ingredients for a viral video formula: an addictive beat, silly lyrics and a hilariously simple dance routine to back it up.And it was only a matter of time before the minute-long song, first uploaded onto Piko-Taro's official YouTube channel, quickly spread to Facebook.While the original video has gone on to amass more than 4m views, entertainment portal 9GAG's Facebook video surpassed that to draw more than 44m views."I'm ruined - I will never get this song out of my head," lamented Facebook user Carlos Andrés Silva in a comment.Nelson Rivera Adrian Paige agreed, voicing concern for the number of times he has looped the video. "I am both highly amused as well as extremely confused."Other users like Daniel Hou who watched the video pointed out Piko-Taro's unique wardrobe."Am I the only one who noticed that this guy is the real-life version of Borsalino [Kizaru] from One Piece," he said, drawing reference to the popular flamboyantly-dressed manga-anime character.But one man's catchy viral song may prove to be another's jarring burden."Please stop sharing this annoying song, it's exploded on my feed and is driving me up the wall because it's so irritating to listen to," said Facebook user Hiro Kenshida in a plea.At time of writing, few mainstream Japanese news sites have covered this particular earworm, even though it has been widely picked up internationally. It has not particularly trended on Japanese social media.He has already been dubbed the next Psy and it could even be that this was precisely what was in mind - one catchy  ditty, pushed by digital influencers but with the precise aim of becoming a global phenomenon.But the hype did not stop there.Hundreds of tributes and covers of Piko-Taro's tune have also appeared on Facebook, each gaining cult followings of their own.Many Japanese stars, including popular duo Riko and Rika, came up with vines of their own.There's even been a heavy metal tribute as well as a cover from Thai social media star Happy Polla.What a time to be alive.
</Article>

<Summary>
you have ever seen anything like a pen with a pen or a pineapple, you can not afford to be a dj.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Based on the provided article and summary, here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states, "you have ever seen anything like a pen with a pen or a pineapple, you can not afford to be a dj." This implies that the article is discussing the DJ's skills and abilities, which is not accurate.
2. The article is actually about a viral song called "PPAP" (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen) performed by a fictional character DJ Piko-Taro. The article discusses the song's origins, its catchy nature, and the reactions it has received from fans and users on social media.
3. The summary does not mention anything about the song or the character, and instead focuses on a nonexistent requirement for DJs to have seen a pen with a pen or a pineapple. This is not a relevant or accurate summary of the article's content.

In conclusion, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately represent the content or theme of the article. Instead, it presents a nonsensical requirement for DJs that is not mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that if you've ever seen anything like a pen with a pen or a pineapple, you cannot afford to be a DJ.
2. However, the article discusses the viral song "PPAP" (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen) created by DJ Piko-Taro, the spread of the song on social media, and its popularity. It does not mention anything about the affordability of being a DJ or seeing unusual combinations of objects.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary introducing unrelated statements about being a DJ and seeing unusual objects, which are not supported by the content of the article.

