<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The "black box" of the Su-24 jet was officially opened in Moscow on Friday in front of journalists and diplomats.Nikolai Primak, head of the Russian investigation, said flight information appeared to be missing.Data from the box could help resolve the dispute over the jet's location when it was hit.An analysis is expected to be released next week.The downing of the jet plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis, with Moscow imposing sanctions in response.Turkey insists that the jet, from the Russian air contingent deployed in Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad, ignored warnings to leave its airspace.Russia says it was shot down within Syrian airspace and President Vladimir Putin vented his anger at Turkey's government again on Thursday, accusing it of subservience to the US and of "creeping Islamisation".What we know about how the Su-24 was downedHow Russia's sanctions could hit TurkeyThe war of words as it eruptedThe two countries are heavily involved in Syria but take radically different positions despite both being ostensibly opposed to the Islamic State (IS) militant group.The Su-24 was shot down by F-16 fighters on 24 November.Both crew members ejected but the pilot was killed, apparently by militants on the ground while the navigator was rescued.A Russian marine sent to rescue the crew was also killed and a helicopter destroyed on the ground.Russia has demanded an apology from Turkey and in the meantime has imposed sanctions including a ban on package holidays, which could cost Turkey billions of dollars.
</Article>

<Summary>
a russian jet has been shot dead by a russian jet jet in the syrian capital, ankara, officials say.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the Su-24 jet was downed by F-16 fighters, but the summary claims that a Russian jet was shot down by a Russian jet. This is inconsistent, as there is no mention of any Russian jets being involved in the downing of the Su-24.
2. The article provides details about the downing of the Su-24, including the fact that both crew members ejected, one was killed by militants on the ground, and a Russian marine was killed and a helicopter destroyed on the ground. None of these details are mentioned in the summary.
3. The article states that the downing of the Su-24 plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis, and that Russia has imposed sanctions on Turkey. The summary does not mention any of these details.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains incorrect information and leaves out important details. The summary should be revised to accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
