<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The star will play Mrs Potts, the housekeeper magically transformed into a teapot whom Dame Angela Lansbury voiced in the 1991 animated version of the film.Fellow Oscar-winner Kevin Kline has also signed on to play Maurice, the father of the 'Beauty' character Belle.The film will be released in US cinemas on 17 March 2017.It was announced in January that Harry Potter star Emma Watson had been cast as Belle.It was subsequently confirmed that Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens will play the Beast and that Luke Evans will co-star as the villainous Gaston.Josh Gad, who voiced Olaf the snowman in Disney's animated hit Frozen, is also on board as Gaston's sidekick LeFou.Bill Condon, director of Dreamgirls and the last two Twilight films, will direct the movie, which begins filming at Shepperton Studios in May.
</Article>

<Summary>
luke potts, the star of the beast in the beast, is to star in the new film adaptation of the beast.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "Luke Potts, the star of the beast in the beast, is to star in the new film adaptation of the beast."
2. However, the article does not mention anyone named Luke Potts.
3. The article mentions Luke Evans, who will co-star as the villainous Gaston, but there is no mention of anyone named Luke Potts.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of a character named Luke Potts in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the star of the beast in the beast luke potts is to star in the new film adaptation of the beast.
2. However, the article mentions the cast of Disney's live-action adaptation of "Beauty and the Beast," including Luke Evans, but it doesn't refer to any character named "Luke Potts" in connection with the movie. The article discusses Luke Evans as the actor set to play the character Gaston.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which introduces the name "Luke Potts" and associates it with the character "the beast," which is not supported by the article. The actual cast includes Luke Evans, who plays Gaston, a different character in the movie.




