<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Chelmsford Prison told residents there had recently been "numerous incidents" of packages being hurled over the wall.One former inmate said the jail was "notorious" for being "flooded" with mobile phones and synthetic cannabis.The Ministry of Justice said staff worked "extremely hard" to stop contraband from getting into prisons."However more must be done, which is why the Justice Secretary has asked us to look at how we can ensure prisons have the tools in place to tackle this kind of problem," the spokeswoman added.Follow updates on this story and other news from EssexA woman who lives near the prison, who did not want to be named, said she had witnessed packages being thrown over the wall "four times in two weeks.""It's getting quite bad at the minute. The prison wants us to come to an evening to talk about what to do if anything does get thrown over," she said."I don't feel frightened, but obviously it's not nice - I always lock the doors and everything."The former inmate claimed drones were used to fly contraband goods "straight up to prison windows", but the Ministry of Justice said there was no evidence of drones coming into the Chelmsford site.The spokeswoman said laws had been introduced which mean people who smuggle packages over prison walls could be jailed for up to two years.
</Article>

<Summary>
drones could be used to smuggle drugs into a prison, a prison official has said.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the Ministry of Justice has said there is no evidence of drones being used to smuggle contraband into Chelmsford Prison.
2. The summary claims that drones could be used to smuggle drugs into the prison.
3. This claim is not supported by the article, as the Ministry of Justice has stated that there is no evidence of drones being used for this purpose.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it presents information that is not supported by the text.

Step by step reasoning:

1. The article states there is no evidence of drones being used to smuggle contraband into Chelmsford Prison.
2. The summary claims drones could be used to smuggle drugs into the prison.
3. This claim is not supported by the article.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
