<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    inmates at a prison in essex have been left ``notorious\'\'because of a ``breakdown\'\', the prison secretary has said. 

    Article: 
    Chelmsford Prison told residents there had recently been "numerous incidents" of packages being hurled over the wall.One former inmate said the jail was "notorious" for being "flooded" with mobile phones and synthetic cannabis.The Ministry of Justice said staff worked "extremely hard" to stop contraband from getting into prisons."However more must be done, which is why the Justice Secretary has asked us to look at how we can ensure prisons have the tools in place to tackle this kind of problem," the spokeswoman added.Follow updates on this story and other news from EssexA woman who lives near the prison, who did not want to be named, said she had witnessed packages being thrown over the wall "four times in two weeks.""It's getting quite bad at the minute. The prison wants us to come to an evening to talk about what to do if anything does get thrown over," she said."I don't feel frightened, but obviously it's not nice - I always lock the doors and everything."The former inmate claimed drones were used to fly contraband goods "straight up to prison windows", but the Ministry of Justice said there was no evidence of drones coming into the Chelmsford site.The spokeswoman said laws had been introduced which mean people who smuggle packages over prison walls could be jailed for up to two years. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you with that! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the prison inmates have been left "notorious" due to a "breakdown". However, the article does not mention anything about a "breakdown" or the inmates being "notorious".
2. The summary mentions "packages being hurled over the wall", but the article only mentions "packages" being thrown over the wall, without specifying how they were hurled.
3. The summary does not mention the former inmate's claim of drones being used to smuggle contraband, which is mentioned in the article.
4. The summary mentions the prison secretary's statement about staff working "extremely hard" to stop contraband from getting into prisons, but the article does not mention this statement.
5. The summary mentions the Justice Secretary's request for the prison to have the tools in place to tackle the problem of contraband, but the article does not mention this request.

Therefore, based on these differences, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary exaggerates the situation by using stronger language ("notorious") and includes information that is not present in the article (such as the former inmate's claim of drones being used). Additionally, the summary does not include some of the information present in the article (such as the prison secretary's statement and the Justice Secretary's request).

###Corrected:
