<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School, Kempston, last December.Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded by the setting sun.He accepted he had struck Mrs Blackburn but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving.Mrs Blackburn is now being treated in residential care.Judge Michael Kay QC paused the case for five minutes so Mr Wright could compose himself after he told the court how he had turned his victim's "world upside down".Mr Wright said: "I understand Sylvia was a much-loved lollipop lady, who was loved by the children."I am truly sorry for what I have done to her and her family."Mr Wright's VW Golf failed to stop for a red light, the jury heard.The married mother-of-three, a lollipop lady for 20 years, had been on duty in Bedford Road as pupils left school.When the traffic lights turned red, Mrs Blackburn, who was wearing appropriate clothing, stepped out to escort a woman and her six-year-old daughter across the road.Prosecutor Sally Mealing-McLeod said traffic in the other direction had stopped, but the defendant did not, and hit her.Mr Wright, of The Dell, said he could not remember if the traffic lights were red or green."I was totally blinded by the sun," he said. "I just heard a bump. I was in total shock."Since that day I have thought of nothing else other than Sylvia Blackburn and her family and the position I have put them in."The court heard the sun was 10 minutes from setting and could have been shining into Mr Wright's eyes.The trial continues.
</Article>

<Summary>
a man accused of causing a pensioner\'s death by careless driving has told a court he was " truly sorry " he had been ".
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that the accused man is sorry for causing the pensioner's death by careless driving.
2. However, the article states that the accused man, Brian Wright, is on trial for causing serious injury to Sylvia Blackburn, not her death.
3. The article also states that Mrs. Blackburn is now being treated in residential care, which suggests that she survived the incident but was seriously injured.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it states that the accused man is sorry for causing the pensioner's death, when in fact, the article states that Mrs. Blackburn survived the incident but was seriously injured.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is that it incorrectly states that the accused man is sorry for causing the pensioner's death, when in fact, the article states that Mrs. Blackburn survived the incident but was seriously injured.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that a man accused of causing a pensioner's death by careless driving has told a court he was "truly sorry" he had been.
2. However, the article does not mention that the accident resulted in the pensioner's death. It states that Sylvia Blackburn suffered serious head injuries but does not confirm her death. The article discusses Brian Wright's admission that he struck Mrs. Blackburn but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving. There is no mention of the man admitting to causing her death in the article.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which introduces information about the pensioner's death, while the article does not provide such information.



