<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article.
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article.
Find out why.

<Article>
Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between April 2004 and February 2014.He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year.He has now been removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.In February, Dumfries Sheriff Court heard how most of the images he had downloaded were of young boys partially dressed in erotic poses with no sexual activity.In addition to his payback order he was ordered to take part in a special programme for sex offenders.A GTC Scotland hearing was told that the nature of the offence meant Geaney had "condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children".It heard that his conduct was "fundamentally incompatible" with being a registered teacher.The panel found that Geaney had failed to uphold the standards expected of the profession.It also noted that the offending behaviour had taken place over a lengthy period of time "demonstrating that there was a pattern of behaviour, as opposed to an isolated incident"."Given the volume of images and the duration of the conduct, taken with the lack of evidence of remedial action, the panel was of the view that there was a strong likelihood of the offending behaviour recurring," it concluded.The panel found him unfit to teach and removed him from the professional register.Geaney, who was 69 at the time he was sentenced, was not present at the hearing.He was prohibited from applying to re-register for a period of two years.
</Article>

<Summary>
a teacher has been suspended from the profession for taking part in a special programme for sex offenders in dumfries and galloway.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Timothy Geaney was made the subject of a community payback order and was put on the sex offenders register, but the summary states that he was suspended from the profession. This is inconsistent, as the article does not mention any suspension.
2. The article states that Geaney was ordered to take part in a special programme for sex offenders, but the summary does not mention this. This is inconsistent, as the article provides specific information about the consequences of Geaney's actions, but the summary does not include this information.
3. The article states that Geaney was found to have condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children, and that his conduct was fundamentally incompatible with being a registered teacher. The summary does not mention these findings. This is inconsistent, as the article provides important information about the reasons for Geaney's removal from the profession, but the summary does not include this information.
4. The article states that Geaney was removed from the professional register and was prohibited from applying to re-register for a period of two years. The summary does not mention these consequences. This is inconsistent, as the article provides specific information about the consequences of Geaney's actions, but the summary does not include this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not include important information about Geaney's actions and the consequences of those actions. The summary should be revised to include all of the information provided in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that a teacher has been suspended from the profession for taking part in a special program for sex offenders in Dumfries and Galloway.
2. However, the article does not mention the teacher taking part in a special program in Dumfries and Galloway. It discusses how the teacher, Timothy Geaney, admitted to taking or permitting explicit images of children to be taken between 2004 and 2014. He received a community payback order, was placed on the sex offenders register, and was removed from the teaching profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which incorrectly states the teacher's suspension as being related to a specific program in Dumfries and Galloway, which is not supported by the article.
