<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a teacher who admitted having sex with a 12-year-old boy has been struck off the profession. 

    Article: 
    Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between April 2004 and February 2014.He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year.He has now been removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.In February, Dumfries Sheriff Court heard how most of the images he had downloaded were of young boys partially dressed in erotic poses with no sexual activity.In addition to his payback order he was ordered to take part in a special programme for sex offenders.A GTC Scotland hearing was told that the nature of the offence meant Geaney had "condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children".It heard that his conduct was "fundamentally incompatible" with being a registered teacher.The panel found that Geaney had failed to uphold the standards expected of the profession.It also noted that the offending behaviour had taken place over a lengthy period of time "demonstrating that there was a pattern of behaviour, as opposed to an isolated incident"."Given the volume of images and the duration of the conduct, taken with the lack of evidence of remedial action, the panel was of the view that there was a strong likelihood of the offending behaviour recurring," it concluded.The panel found him unfit to teach and removed him from the professional register.Geaney, who was 69 at the time he was sentenced, was not present at the hearing.He was prohibited from applying to re-register for a period of two years. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the teacher was "struck off the profession" due to admitting to having sex with a 12-year-old boy.

However, the article does not mention anything about the teacher admitting to having sex with a 12-year-old boy. Instead, it states that the teacher downloaded and possessed indecent images of children, and was sentenced to a community payback order and placed on the sex offenders register.

2. The summary implies that the teacher was removed from the profession due to the sexual nature of the offense.

However, the article states that the teacher was removed from the profession due to the volume of images and the length of time over which the offense occurred, and that the panel found the teacher's conduct to be "fundamentally incompatible" with being a registered teacher.

3. The summary does not mention the fact that the teacher was sentenced to a community payback order and placed on the sex offenders register.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the nature of the offense or the consequences the teacher faced. The summary is misleading and does not provide a fair representation of the article's content.

###Corrected:
