<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Share this withEmailFacebookTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedinCopy this linkLandlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).But many are put off - because a licence can cost £1,000 - despite facing a fine of up to £20,000, Southampton City Council said.The authority estimated a total of 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area.Shelter helpline adviser Nadeem Khan said fear of eviction and living in poorly maintained properties are frequent concerns raised by HMO tenants."Because of the huge shortage of affordable homes people are being forced into rented homes which are unregulated. We receive about five or six calls a day about this," he said.Nationally, mandatory licensing for HMOs is aimed at houses of three storeys or more and occupied by five or more unrelated people.In Southampton, the licences affect properties in Bargate, Bevois, Portswood, Swaythling (Designation 1 - introduced in 2013) and in Shirley Freemantle, Millbrook, and Bassett (Designation 2 - introduced in 2015).A council spokesman said: "Landlords have generally co-operated with the regime, but a small minority have resisted applying for their licence."The council said it had so far gained prosecutions against one firm and 13 individuals.
</Article>

<Summary>
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on the sale of homes in southampton.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that "a small minority have resisted applying for their licence" (emphasis added), indicating that most landlords have complied with the licensing regime.
2. The article also mentions that the council has gained prosecutions against one firm and 13 individuals, which suggests that the council is taking enforcement action against those who have not complied with the licensing requirements.
3. However, the summary states that "more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on the sale of homes in Southampton," which is not supported by the article. There is no mention of a petition or a call for a ban on home sales in the article.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it introduces a new and unrelated idea (a petition for a ban on home sales) that is not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on the sale of homes in Southampton.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about a petition or a call for a ban on the sale of homes in Southampton. The article discusses the licensing requirements for landlords and the challenges they face. It mentions concerns of tenants and the number of unlicensed HMOs but doesn't reference a petition or a ban on home sales.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which introduces information not found in the article.




