<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Share this withEmailFacebookTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedinCopy this linkLandlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).But many are put off - because a licence can cost Â£1,000 - despite facing a fine of up to Â£20,000, Southampton City Council said.The authority estimated a total of 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area.Shelter helpline adviser Nadeem Khan said fear of eviction and living in poorly maintained properties are frequent concerns raised by HMO tenants."Because of the huge shortage of affordable homes people are being forced into rented homes which are unregulated. We receive about five or six calls a day about this," he said.Nationally, mandatory licensing for HMOs is aimed at houses of three storeys or more and occupied by five or more unrelated people.In Southampton, the licences affect properties in Bargate, Bevois, Portswood, Swaythling (Designation 1 - introduced in 2013) and in Shirley Freemantle, Millbrook, and Bassett (Designation 2 - introduced in 2015).A council spokesman said: "Landlords have generally co-operated with the regime, but a small minority have resisted applying for their licence."The council said it had so far gained prosecutions against one firm and 13 individuals.
</Article>

<Summary>
southampton city council has been told to pay hundreds of millions of pounds a day of applying for a licence because of a lack of funding.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).
2. The article also mentions that many landlords are put off from applying for the licence because of the cost, which can be up to £1,000.
3. However, the summary states that Southampton City Council has been told to pay hundreds of millions of pounds a day of applying for a licence because of a lack of funding.
4. This statement is not consistent with the article, as the article does not mention anything about the council having to pay a fee for applying for a licence.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Southampton City Council has been told to pay hundreds of millions of pounds a day for applying for a license because of a lack of funding.
2. However, the article does not contain any information about Southampton City Council being required to pay such a substantial daily amount for applying for a license or any mention of a lack of funding. The article discusses the costs and fines associated with House in Multiple Occupation (HMO) licenses but does not include the information stated in the summary.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the article implies Southampton City Council is facing exorbitant daily fees and funding issues for license applications, while the summary states that this is the case.




