<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Share this withEmailFacebookTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedinCopy this linkLandlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).But many are put off - because a licence can cost £1,000 - despite facing a fine of up to £20,000, Southampton City Council said.The authority estimated a total of 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area.Shelter helpline adviser Nadeem Khan said fear of eviction and living in poorly maintained properties are frequent concerns raised by HMO tenants."Because of the huge shortage of affordable homes people are being forced into rented homes which are unregulated. We receive about five or six calls a day about this," he said.Nationally, mandatory licensing for HMOs is aimed at houses of three storeys or more and occupied by five or more unrelated people.In Southampton, the licences affect properties in Bargate, Bevois, Portswood, Swaythling (Designation 1 - introduced in 2013) and in Shirley Freemantle, Millbrook, and Bassett (Designation 2 - introduced in 2015).A council spokesman said: "Landlords have generally co-operated with the regime, but a small minority have resisted applying for their licence."The council said it had so far gained prosecutions against one firm and 13 individuals.
</Article>

<Summary>
six residential homes in southampton are facing eviction because of a shortage of council tenants, the bbc has learned.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).
2. The article does not mention anything about tenants facing eviction due to a shortage of council tenants.
3. The summary states that six residential homes in Southampton are facing eviction because of a shortage of council tenants. This is not supported by the article.
4. The article only mentions fines for landlords who do not apply for the required licence, but there is no mention of eviction.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that six residential homes in Southampton are facing eviction due to a shortage of council tenants.
2. However, the article does not mention any specific residential homes in Southampton facing eviction, and it does not attribute this situation to a shortage of council tenants. The article discusses the need for landlords to obtain House of Multiple Occupation (HMO) licenses and the concerns of HMO tenants but does not provide the information presented in the summary.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the article implies specific residential homes are facing eviction because of a shortage of council tenants, while the summary states that this is the case without supporting details from the article.




