<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The humble honeybee may only be small, but scientists are hoping to use its brain to power a series of futuristic-style drones. Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. Scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like a honeybee Professor James Marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made 'tremendous advances' The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project, which is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex. One day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions. 'Bees and all other insects are miracles of engineering which we are nowhere near equalling,' Professor James Marshall reportedly told the BBC. 'If we could even recreate a fraction of their abilities in a robot system then we would have made a tremendous advance.' Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see. To do this they mapped out the  brain of the honeybee and recreated it with circuits that fire on and off in an organic brain, Discovery Magazine reported. The software is then uploaded into the drone's circuitry which enables it to  fly around in a similar fashion to the bee. The projects team now has three quadcopters and one ground robot, each with unique abilities and configurations. Tests are being carried out in a dedicated flying room based at the University of Sheffield. In a video footage showing initial tests the drone, powered by the artificial bee brain, can be seen flying down a corridor. On the Green Brain website it states: 'Since the start of the project, the GB team has setup the lab, built and tested our robots, and begun to demonstrate some sophisticated visual-based navigation and cognitive functions through embodiment. 'Current projects include navigation using the GB models, flight tests of our models with the BeeBot quadcopter, developing a Ground Control Station, initial testing with the chemosensors and more.' Building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far, scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see
</Article>

<Summary>
their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like a honeybee . professor james marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made ` tremendous advances ' the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project . scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the final aim of the scientists is to build a robot that thinks, senses, and acts just like a honeybee. However, the article states that the aim is to recreate a fraction of the honeybee's abilities, not to build a robot that perfectly mimics the bee's behavior.
2. The summary mentions that the artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project, but the article does not mention this project by name. Instead, it refers to the "researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex" who are working on the project.
3. The summary states that scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee, but the article does not mention anything about digitally recreating the bee's cognitive abilities. Instead, it states that the researchers are mapping out the bee's brain and recreating it with circuits that fire on and off in an organic brain.
4. The summary does not mention the part of the bee's brain that the scientists have managed to clone, which is the part that allows the bee to see. This is mentioned in the article.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the information in the article. It exaggerates the scope of the project and the level of detail provided in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that the scientists' final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses, and acts just like a honeybee, and Professor James Marshall commented on the significance of recreating the honeybee's abilities.
2. However, the article mainly focuses on the Green Brain Project's work on creating an artificial brain for drones, particularly in the context of the European honeybee's abilities. It mentions the cloning of the part of the bee's brain responsible for vision and the use of this technology in drones. While it mentions the goal of recreating the honeybee's abilities, it does not go into depth about building a robot that fully thinks, senses, and acts like a honeybee.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary oversimplifying the article's content and making it sound like the primary aim is to create a honeybee-like robot when the actual focus is on creating an artificial brain for drones inspired by the honeybee's abilities.





