<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article.
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article.
Find out why.

<Article>
Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad told the BBC "Syria is doing its best" to comply with the timetable to destroy its chemical weapons.Syria missed Wednesday's deadline to hand over its entire stockpile.Mr Mekdad said a shipment of weapons came under attack twice on its way from Damascus to the port of Latakia."We shipped two shipments to the Syrian coast," he said. "The second shipment was intercepted by fire from terrorist groups."He added: "This is a serious business. Syria is in war, and the Americans and others have to take this into consideration."He described as "absolutely unacceptable" US Secretary of State John Kerry's recent condemnation of the government's use of barrel bombs in the city of Aleppo.The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims 246 people, including 73 children, have been killed in Aleppo in the last five days alone after barrels containing explosives and metal fragments were dropped by military helicopters.Activist group The Aleppo Media Centre claims 14 people were killed in barrel bomb attacks on the Masaken Hanano district on Thursday, citing footage appearing to show bombs being dropped from a helicopter onto a civilian area."We are defending our people against terrorist attacks. We have never bombarded places with civilians," Mr Mekdad insisted, accusing the US of "still supporting terrorist elements" in the country.The Syrian government, via state media, also denied reports that rebels had seized most of Aleppo's central prison.The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said members of the Islamic Front coalition, dominated by the Ahrar al-Sham brigade and the al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front, mounted the assault, freeing hundreds of detainees.But state television insisted soldiers and security forces had "thwarted an attack against the prison by terrorist groups".The Observatory says fighting is still going on, but the Ahrar al-Sham brigade and the Aleppo Media Centre, a citizen-journalist outlet, say rebels now completely control the prison.It is reported to hold at least 3,000 detainees, including Islamists, activists and minors, in horrific conditions.Syria has about 1,300 tonnes of declared chemical weapons.The US said last week that so far only about 4% of the stockpile - 30 tonnes - had left the country.US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel said he was "concerned" that the UN-backed plan was falling behind schedule and said Damascus "had to take responsibility for fulfilling its commitment".Russia - a key ally of Syria - has said Damascus should complete the transfer of its chemical weapons to the coast for removal by ship by 1 March.A deadline was set last year for all the weapons to be destroyed by the end of June.The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which is overseeing the destruction operation, has admitted the process has been slowed down by security concerns.Mr Mekdad stressed: "Syria is committed to all its agreements, with the OPCW and the UN Security Council. We shall implement on time all our obligations."
</Article>

<Summary>
syrian president bashar al-assad has condemned the bombing of a port city of aleppo, saying the us is " on the brink of war "
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad condemned the bombing of a port city of Aleppo.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about the President condemning the bombing of Aleppo. Instead, it mentions that the Syrian government denied reports that rebels had seized most of Aleppo's central prison, and that there was fighting going on in the city.
3. The article also mentions that the Syrian government is accused of using barrel bombs in the city of Aleppo, which has resulted in the deaths of many civilians.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the content of the article. The article does not mention the President condemning the bombing of Aleppo, but instead focuses on the ongoing conflict in the city and the government's denial of reports about the prison.
5. It is likely that the summary was written based on incorrect or incomplete information, or that it was intended to convey a different message altogether. In any case, it is important to carefully review and verify the accuracy of any summaries or reports before accepting them as true.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has condemned the bombing of the port city of Aleppo, expressing that the US is "on the brink of war."
2. However, the article does not mention any statement from President Bashar al-Assad in which he condemns the bombing of Aleppo or claims that the US is "on the brink of war." The article primarily discusses comments made by Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad regarding Syria's compliance with chemical weapons disposal and other aspects of the conflict in Syria.
3. The inconsistency is due to the summary introducing a statement by President al-Assad that is not supported by the content of the article.
