<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    england\'s innings-and-39-run defeat by pakistan in the third test was " one of the greatest in the history ", says former 

    Article: 
    Media playback is not supported on this deviceThe hosts won with a day to spare at Old Trafford to level the series.England made 589-8 declared and 173-1 declared to set up their second biggest win over Pakistan in terms of runs."It's an absolute hammering. It's as good a four days of cricket that you could wish for from an England point of view," Vaughan told Test Match Special.England's Joe Root, promoted to number three for this series, was named man of the match after scoring 254 in the first innings and an unbeaten 71 off 48 balls in the second.He also took four catches in Pakistan's first-innings 198 and claimed a wicket in his only over as Pakistan were bowled out for 234 on Monday."It's great to see him stepping up to number three and playing with the responsibility there," said captain Alastair Cook, who made 105 and 76 not out."It's as good an innings as I've seen. He's an extraordinary player. He didn't put a foot wrong; he played beautifully."Root, who twice fell to poor strokes in England's 75-run defeat in the first Test, said: "It's a great feeling."Those two occasions at Lord's were batsman error on my part. I tried to cut that out of my game. It's the most controlled I've played."Coach Trevor Bayliss said: "He went away and did a bit of soul-searching and hard work, came back and did exactly what he said he was going to do."Vaughan: added: "This was his best Test-match innings."Media playback is not supported on this devicePakistan batted for only 63 overs in the first innings and 70 in the second on a pitch that offered the bowlers little assistance."Their spirit was broken," said former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott."Full marks to England - they got it all together, the quality of the batting, the discipline, their good bowling."England are in a good place and will win again. They will be too strong for Pakistan. I'll be surprised if they come back."Pakistan play a two-day tour game against Worcestershire at New Road starting on Friday before the third Test at Edgbaston gets under way on 3 August.Media playback is not supported on this deviceVaughan said: "England should enjoy the win and have a good party, but I just have a feeling that this series is going to be very, very tight."Of the Pakistan players, only captain Misbah-ul-Haq and Asad Shafiq have passed 50 in the first two Tests of the four-match series."This is a big disappointment for us," said Misbah. "We could have scored around 400 in the first innings - the ball wasn't doing anything much."We are short of confidence and shot selection really cost us."These guys are strong characters - mentally strong. I'm hopeful that everybody is hurt and they will really work hard."Media playback is not supported on this device 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that England's defeat of Pakistan in the third Test was "one of the greatest in the history", but the article does not support this claim. The article states that England won the match with a day to spare and that the hosts won by a large margin, but it does not describe the victory as one of the greatest in history.
2. The summary quotes a former England batsman, Michael Vaughan, as saying that England's Joe Root had played "one of the greatest Test-match innings", but the article does not quote Vaughan as saying this. In fact, the article quotes Vaughan as saying that Root's innings was "his best Test-match innings", which is a different statement.
3. The summary states that Pakistan batted for only 63 overs in the first innings and 70 in the second, but the article does not mention these specific numbers. The article states that Pakistan were bowled out for 234 in the second innings, but it does not provide the exact number of overs that Pakistan batted.
4. The summary quotes Geoffrey Boycott as saying that Pakistan's spirit was broken, but the article does not quote Boycott as saying this. The article does quote Boycott as saying that England were in a good place and would win again, but it does not include his comment about Pakistan's spirit being broken.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations that are not supported by the article. It is not a consistent summary of the article's content.

###Corrected:
