<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Ander Herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in Manchester United's starting line-up but it appears he does not actually have a clear sight at goal. Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon without actually looking at Brad Guzan's goal as his eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball. In fact, six of Herrera's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition's net. Manchester United star Ander Herrera scores his side's opening goal against Aston Villa with his eyes shut The Spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at Brad Guzan's goal Aston Villa and England midfielder Fabian Delph attempts to block Herrera's left-footed shot His eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against Yeovil in the third round of the FA Cup back in January. However his double against Aston Villa and his goals against Queens Park Rangers, Leicester, Preston and Swansea all came without Manchester United's summer signing having to make eye contact with the ball. Herrera appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed as the image of his goal for Spain's Under 20 side back in 2009 shows. Herrera hits the back of the net while representing Spain's Under 20 side against Tahiti The former Athletic Bilbao joined the Red Devils for £29million in the summer due to his vision and creativity in midfield. Louis van Gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old's shooting ability after Saturday's Premier League encounter at Old Trafford, by stating: 'He has a very good kicking technique and he should be more composed,' Van Gaal said to MUTV. 'I said to him 'you have to control the ball before you shoot'. 'I said that to him again in yesterday's training session, and then I kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot.' Herrera's eyes were also shut for Manchester United's third goal against Aston Villa on Saturday His only Manchester United goal scored with his eyes wide open came against Yeovil Town back in January Herrera scored in Manchester United's 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers without looking at the ball The former Athletic Bilbao man flicked the ball past Preston's players without having his eyes on the ball Herrera scored in Manchester United's 2-1 defeat by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium in February He also netted in Manchester United's shock 5-3 defeat at the hands of Premier League strugglers Leicester
</Article>

<Summary>
ander herrera scored in manchester united 's 4-0 win over qpr on saturday . the spanish midfielder appeared to have his eyes closed when making contact with the ball . six of his seven goals have been scored without him even having to see at either the ball or the opposition 's net .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Ander Herrera scored in Manchester United's 4-0 win over QPR on Saturday, but the article does not mention any goal scored by Herrera in that match.
2. The summary states that Herrera appeared to have his eyes closed when making contact with the ball, but the article does not mention anything about Herrera's eyes being closed when he scored his goals. In fact, the article states that Herrera's eyes were open when he scored his goal against Yeovil in the FA Cup.
3. The summary states that six of Herrera's seven goals have been scored without him even having to see at either the ball or the opposition's net, but the article only mentions five of Herrera's goals and does not mention any instances of him scoring without looking at the ball or the opposition's net.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations that are not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Ander Herrera scored in Manchester United's 4-0 win over QPR on Saturday. However, there is no mention of such a match or goal in the article. The article discusses his goals against Aston Villa, but the summary adds information about a match that is not in the article.
2. The article mentions that Ander Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa without looking at the goal, and six of his seven goals have been scored without looking at the ball or the opposition's net. This information is accurately represented in the summary.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary includes information about a specific match (Manchester United's 4-0 win over QPR) that is not present in the article.