<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a manhattan subway train last night . ` we came here for vacation , just tourists , ' makrus Åsberg , 25 , samuel kvarzell , 26 , and eric jansberger , 28 , said they were ` no heroes ' the swedish cops put their new york city vacation on a call of duty . the train found the homeless man in the fight . 

    Article: 
    Four burly Swedish cops put their New York City vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a Manhattan subway train last night. The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway, DNA Info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. 'We came here for vacation. We’ve been here one day. We’re no heroes, just tourists,' Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, told the New York Post. 'We're no heroes, just tourists': The Swedish cops (pictured left to right) Erik Näslund, 26, Samuel Kvarzell, 25, Makrus Åsberg, 25, and Eric Jansberger, 28, said they were just answering the call of duty Mr Asberg, along with Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger, subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train. The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive, the Post reports. Video from the incident shows Kvarzell and Asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams. 'I can't breath! I can't breath!' he screams. 'Take it easy, just calm down,' Asberg tells him. The friends sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom: 'Are there any police officers on the train?' As the train pulled into the Bleeker Street station, the Nordic lawmen found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car. Three of the Swedes tended to the aggressor (background) and held him for police, while the fourth stayed with the victim, who had been badly beaten in the fight The Nordic tourists kept both men calm until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene The victim had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten and was not defending himself the Swedes told the Post. One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor of the train. 'One of the guys tried to wrestle us so [we] wrestled him to the floor until the police came,' Kvarzell, 25, who is also an officer, told DNA Info. 'We don't have authority or anything but we thought somebody might need help,' he said. When NYPD officers showed up, they took custody of the aggressor and the four tourists went on their way to Les Misérables. Markus Asberg (left) and Samuel Kvarzell (right) stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a New York subway train along with two other friends, all of whom are police officers in their native Sweden Eric Jansberger (left) and Erik Naslund (right) had only just arrived in New York and were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they answered the call of duty 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here are the reasons why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the Swedish cops were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway, while the article states that they were on their way to see Les Misérables in New York City. The article does not specify the exact location of the show.
2. The summary states that the Swedes were tourists, while the article states that they were police officers from Sweden.
3. The summary states that the Swedes were just answering the call of duty, while the article states that they sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom.
4. The summary does not mention the homeless man who was the aggressor, while the article states that the Swedes found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car.
5. The summary does not mention the NYPD officers who arrived on the scene, while the article states that the Swedes held the attacker until the NYPD arrived.
6. The summary does not mention the victim who had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten, while the article states that the victim was not defending himself and the Swedes stayed with him until the NYPD arrived.
7. The summary does not mention the arm lock that one of the Swedes put on the attacker, while the article states that one of the Swedes put the attacker in an arm lock.
8. The summary does not mention the fact that the Swedes were on their vacation and had only just arrived in New York, while the article states that the Swedes had only just arrived in New York and were on their way to see Les Misérables.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it leaves out many important details and includes some inaccuracies.

###Corrected:
