<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    kristina UNK alleges she was a classmate of ms bateman 's pet chicken . she claims the pair were ' inseparable ' and they were ' inseparable ' . she claims she was ' envious of her pet hen ' and said she was ' envious ' of her pet chicken . 

    Article: 
    Mila Kunis is being sued by a Ukrainian wannabe singer who claims the Hollywood actress 'stole her pet chicken' as children. Kristina Karo alleges that she was a classmate of Ms Kunis, 31, who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991,  and that the pair were 'inseparable'  growing up. Karo, now living in Los Angeles, claims a seven-year-old Ms Kunis had been 'envious' of her pet hen, and that 25 years ago, she stole it from her. Bizzare lawsuit: Wannabe singer Kristina Karo  claims the theft of her pet chicken as a child in Ukraine traumatised her, and is now suing 'thief' Mila Kunis for $5,000 In her lawsuit, Karo states that Ms Kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west Ukraine where she lived, and play with the hen, called 'Doggie', TMZ reports. She alleges that when 'Doggie' disappeared, Ms Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'Kristina, you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm', the website states. Karo, who has moved to Los Angeles in the hopes of launching a career as a singer, says the theft of her pet chicken  traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist. She claims that being in close proximity to Ms Kunis, who lives in Hollywood with partner Ashton Kutcher and daughter Wyatt, has 'brought back all the bad memories' and she now needs therapy again. Bad memories: The reason for the lawsuit 25 years after the 'theft' is that moving to LA, which is where Kunis also lives, has brought back memories of losing 'Doggie' for Karo and forced her back into therapy Not a bad egg: Mila Kunis, seen here with partner Ashton Kutcher in Los Angeles, is being accused of chicken theft despite growing up more than 100miles from Karo In her suit, Karo alleges that when 'Doggie' disappeared, Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'Kristina, you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm' (stock image) Karo, whose song Give Me Green Card has more than 70,000 views on YouTube, is suing the actress Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills. She also claims the theft of 'Doggie' 25 years ago has 'prevented her from pursuing the American dream', according to TMZ. Interestingly enough, Karo's self-penned online bio describes her as being 'born and raised in the small village Berezhnytsia', which is a three hour drive - and more than 100miles away -from Chernivtsi, where Mila Kunis lived before moving to the U.S. aged seven. Wannabe: 'Singer' Kristina Karo says she and Kunis were inseparable in first grade, but that the actress was jealous of her pet chicken 'Doggie' and stole the hen 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Kristina Karo alleges she was a classmate of Mila Kunis' pet chicken, but the article does not mention anything about a pet chicken.
2. The summary states that Karo claims she was "envious" of her pet hen, but the article does not mention anything about Karo having a pet hen.
3. The summary states that Karo claims Ms. Kunis stole her pet hen 25 years ago, but the article does not mention anything about the theft of a pet hen. Instead, the article states that Karo alleges Ms. Kunis stole her pet chicken when they were children, but does not provide any information about the chicken being stolen.
4. The summary states that Karo is suing Ms. Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills, but the article does not mention anything about Karo seeking legal action against Ms. Kunis.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, such as a pet hen and therapy bills. Additionally, the summary is written in a way that is not supported by the language used in the article.

###Corrected:
