<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa on tuesday night . twice the winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but villa lost both times , to manchester united in the league cup final and chelsea in the fa cup final at wembley . wayne rooney scored for united as villa were beaten 2-1 . 

    Article: 
    Jack Grealish wants to replace the Wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. Twice the teenage winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but Villa lost both times, to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup final four. Grealish, 19, was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers and is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date. Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final ‘I went twice to Wembley as a fan, the Man U game and Chelsea game five years ago,’ said Grealish. ‘Unfortunately we didn’t win either of them, hopefully this time we can go and get a result. ‘It would be brilliant to stay in the team for Wembley but at the end of the day the gaffer will pick who he thinks he will win. I go with the flow. ‘To start for my boyhood club was a dream come true. I hope towards the end of the season I can play more of a part and help the team stay in the division.’ Wayne Rooney scores for United as Villa were beaten 2-1 in the 2010 League Cup final at Wembley Frank Lampard finds the target during Villa's 3-0 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final in 2010 Villa are three points above the drop zone but Grealish says manager Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad. ‘He’s so positive around the place, gives everyone a boost which you can see in people’s performances,’ Grealish added. ‘He’s given me my first start in a crucial game which I’m really grateful for. You can see what he did at Tottenham with the young lads, bringing them through. Grealish expressed his gratitude towards manager Tim Sherwood for giving him his first start ‘Here he’s brought the younger lads to come and train next to the first team, which is so little but means so much.’ The return to form of Christian Benteke also inspires survival hope. ‘Yes, when you have Christian in the team who can score goals every game,’ Grealish said. ‘We are going to go in Saturday's game (at Tottenham) positive and 100 per cent we will stay up.’ 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can explain why the summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps:

Step 1: Identify the inconsistency

The inconsistency lies in the fact that the summary states that Jack Grealish visited Wembley twice as a fan to watch Aston Villa lose, while the article states that he watched Villa lose twice at Wembley as a fan, but does not mention him visiting Wembley twice.

Step 2: Analyze the article

The article states that Jack Grealish watched Villa lose twice at Wembley as a fan, in the League Cup final and FA Cup semi-final, both in 2010.

Step 3: Analyze the summary

The summary states that Jack Grealish visited Wembley twice to watch Aston Villa lose, but does not specify that these were in 2010.

Step 4: Identify the inconsistency

The inconsistency is that the summary does not specify that the two times Jack Grealish visited Wembley were in 2010, as stated in the article.

Step 5: Explain the inconsistency

The inconsistency is likely due to the fact that the summary was written based on the information provided in the article, but the information was not accurately conveyed. The summary should have specified that Jack Grealish visited Wembley twice in 2010, as stated in the article, to watch Aston Villa lose.

###Corrected:
