<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    pat UNK , 69 , remembers grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a UNK and slippers . she is happy to show off her body in a number of ' kinky ' outfits . 

    Article: 
    A merry widow from Edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. Pat Ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. In comparison, the retired hairdresser, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. Pat, 69, pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit, enjoys pole dancing with friend Julia, 67, right 'I really enjoy myself, I party hard,' she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Badly. 'I have heard of the saying "grow old gracefully" but I don't understand it.' Grandmother-of-three Pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left. She said: 'I have cared for people all my life. I don't want to look after someone full-time again, I want to look after me now. 'Whatever time I have left I am going to party and love it till I die.' Pat in another of her risque outfits gets to grips with an Elvis impersonator in Menorca While Pat likes to hit the town at night, during the day she hits the gym and also enjoys pole-dancing lessons. Thanks to keeping fit and active, she says she feels confident about her appearance as she nears 70 and as a result, she is happy to show off her body in a number of 'kinky' outfits. Her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look, air hostess and French Maid outfits, as well as a leather jumpsuit, and she teams them all with stilettos. She said: 'I like to dress sexy, if I can't walk in high heels, I won't go outside. I just like to have fun and feel good in whatever I wear. 'For my age I don't have a bad body. I can walk into a room and I still turn heads and I like that.' Pat, pictured again with the Elvis impersonator, loves to party and stay out dancing on tables Far from being embarrassed by their party pensioner grandparent, Pat's family think she's great fun and love it if she joins them on nights out. Her granddaughter, Paris, 20, said: 'She stays out till 1am dancing on the tables, it's not embarrassing, I don't think "my nanna shouldn't do that", it's cool.' Pat isn't alone in her desire to party. She has a partner in crime in her friend Julia Church, 67, who now lives in Menorca. Julia, also a retired hairdresser, moved to the Spanish island with her husband and now parties with her fellow British expats following his death seven years ago. Pat regularly visits her and the pair get glammed up for nights out where they drink and dance the night away. Pat on a night out with Julia, left, who says 'we'll just keep going till we fall to bits' The friends often party all night in Menorca where Julia now lives Julia said: 'You can't judge others like us, we're not normal, we're crazy. Being 67 or 27 it doesn't make any difference, we're exactly the same. 'I don't like the thought of getting old, we'll just keep going till we fall to bits. There's no point worrying about it, you'll make yourself depressed.' Pat has been single for years following the death of her husband and said she has dated some younger men - including a man in his 40s who was younger than her 49-year-old son. But now she's found happiness with Colin, 66. She said: 'We have a fantastic time together, we have good sex, we enjoy each others' company. 'I realised how much I missed that, having someone to care for me and protect me and treat me like a lady.' Julia shows off her pole dancing skills. She admits: 'I don't like the thought of getting old' OAPs Behaving Badly is on Channel 5 Wednesdays at 9pm 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Pat remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers, but in the article, her grandmother is described as sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers.

2. The summary mentions that Pat enjoys pole dancing and going out drinking, but the article does not mention pole dancing. It only mentions that Pat goes out drinking and partying with her friend Julia.

3. The summary states that Pat is 69 years old, but the article does not mention her age.

4. The summary mentions that Pat has a partner in crime in her friend Julia, but the article does not mention this.

5. The summary states that Pat has been single for years following the death of her husband, but the article mentions that she is now in a relationship with Colin, 66.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, omits other details that are present in the article, and contains inaccuracies such as Pat's age.

###Corrected:
