<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A youngster has emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya and scored an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop - twice. Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club. Joking  that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother, nine-year-old Frankie, who is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club, took to the garden to have a go. He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time. In the video he can be seen turning to face the camera looking absolutely gob-smacked as he places his hands behind his head. A slow motion look at the clip captures the trajectory of the ball, which bounces off the backboard and goes through the hoop below. His mother Lucy, 32, of Upminster, east London, said: ‘He loves football and after he saw the Barcelona player do the show he said ‘I’ll be able to do that’. Frankie decided to have a go at the trick shot after watching Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull it off in a video recorded at the club’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground The nine-year-old kicks the ball and sends it straight through the net on the first time of trying just like Spanish right-back Montoya The gob-smacked youngsters places his hands behind his head after scoring while Montoya (right) wheels away in celebration ‘Me and my mum just said ‘really?’ and he went to get the net, pulled it over and bang - it went in first time. ‘Me and mum were like ‘oh my god’ we couldn’t believe it. ‘He is very good at football, but that was just amazing. It was very special.’ According to Lucy, although not captured on camera, the youngster had another go immediately after and netted again. "I think he's got it down now," said Lucy, who helps run a building firm with husband Matt, 34. "He is very confident but you can tell by the look on his face I think he was surprised too." The talented young centre midfielder has played football since he could walk and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona. The  young centre midfielder is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona.
</Article>

<Summary>
frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona 's catalonia club . the 23-year-old defender took to the garden to have a go and moved the basketball hoop into the net to the goal . his mother lucy , 32 , said : ` me said ` i will be able to do . ' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona's Catalonia club. However, the article states that the video was recorded at Barcelona's Ciutat Esportiva training ground, not Catalonia club.
2. The summary states that the 23-year-old defender took to the garden to have a go and moved the basketball hoop into the net to the goal. However, the article states that Frankie, a nine-year-old schoolboy, is the one who took the shot and scored twice, not a 23-year-old defender.
3. The summary incorrectly states that Frankie's mother said "me said 'i will be able to do'". The correct quote from the article is "Me and my mum just said'really?' and he went to get the net, pulled it over and bang - it went in first time."
4. The summary does not mention that Frankie scored twice or that he had another go immediately after and netted again, as stated in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
