<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A youngster has emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya and scored an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop - twice. Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club. Joking  that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother, nine-year-old Frankie, who is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club, took to the garden to have a go. He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time. In the video he can be seen turning to face the camera looking absolutely gob-smacked as he places his hands behind his head. A slow motion look at the clip captures the trajectory of the ball, which bounces off the backboard and goes through the hoop below. His mother Lucy, 32, of Upminster, east London, said: ‘He loves football and after he saw the Barcelona player do the show he said ‘I’ll be able to do that’. Frankie decided to have a go at the trick shot after watching Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull it off in a video recorded at the club’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground The nine-year-old kicks the ball and sends it straight through the net on the first time of trying just like Spanish right-back Montoya The gob-smacked youngsters places his hands behind his head after scoring while Montoya (right) wheels away in celebration ‘Me and my mum just said ‘really?’ and he went to get the net, pulled it over and bang - it went in first time. ‘Me and mum were like ‘oh my god’ we couldn’t believe it. ‘He is very good at football, but that was just amazing. It was very special.’ According to Lucy, although not captured on camera, the youngster had another go immediately after and netted again. "I think he's got it down now," said Lucy, who helps run a building firm with husband Matt, 34. "He is very confident but you can tell by the look on his face I think he was surprised too." The talented young centre midfielder has played football since he could walk and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona. The  young centre midfielder is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona.
</Article>

<Summary>
martin montoya beat barcelona star martin montoya in a video . the 34-year-old UNK UNK UNK training ground earlier in the month . the youngster is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Martin Montoya beat Barcelona star Martin Montoya in a video. This is incorrect, as there is no mention of Martin Montoya beating himself in the article.
2. The summary also states that the video was recorded at the UNK UNK UNK training ground, which is not a real location. The article states that the video was recorded at Barcelona's Ciutat Esportiva training ground.
3. The summary incorrectly states that the youngster is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club. The article states that the youngster is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club, but this information is not consistent with the rest of the summary.
4. The summary does not mention the youngster's age, while the article states that the youngster is nine years old.
5. The summary does not mention the fact that the youngster scored an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop, which is one of the main points of the article.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article and contains several errors.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Martin Montoya beat Barcelona star Martin Montoya in a video.
2. However, the article states that a youngster, Frankie Franz, emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya in scoring an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary suggests Martin Montoya beat himself, which is not the case. The article is about Frankie Franz emulating Martin Montoya's trick shot.