<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    nasa : `` we are going to have strong difficulty of life beyond earth within a decade '' . meg urry : `` we have the technology , and we 're on a path to implementing it '' . 

    Article: 
    (CNN)They may not be "Star Trek"-type extraterrestrials, but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life, a NASA scientist says. "I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade, and I think we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. "We know where to look. We know how to look," she said. "In most cases, we have the technology, and we're on a path to implementing it. And so I think we're definitely on the road." NASA released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies, including the dwarf planet Ceres and Jupiter's moon Europa. The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries, NASA said in a news release. "Scientists using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that (Jupiter's moon) Ganymede has a saltwater, sub-surface ocean, likely sandwiched between two layers of ice," the agency noted. There are some caveats involved, of course. NASA isn't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant; it's referring to microorganisms. "We are not talking about little green men," Stofan said at the panel. "We are talking about little microbes." Still, former astronaut John Grunsfeld said it's an exciting time -- and he thinks it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well. "I think we're one generation away in our solar system, whether it's on an icy moon or on Mars, and one generation on a planet around a nearby star," he said. And, he added, who knows what that life will look like? "Once we get out beyond Mars, the likelihood that it's similar to Earth because we share that material gets very, very low," he said. "And I think that's where it starts getting exceptionally exciting." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you with that! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that NASA is predicting "strong difficulty of life beyond Earth within a decade," but the article does not mention anything about difficulty. Instead, it talks about finding evidence of alien life within a decade and having the technology to do so.
2. The summary quotes Meg Urry as saying "we have the technology, and we're on a path to implementing it," but the article does not quote her saying this. In fact, the article only quotes Ellen Stofan, the NASA chief scientist, who talks about the technology they have and the path they're on to find evidence of alien life.
3. The summary mentions "intelligent alien civilizations" but the article does not mention anything about intelligence or civilizations. Instead, it talks about microorganisms and finding evidence of life beyond Earth.
4. The summary suggests that NASA is talking about little green men, but the article clarifies that they are talking about little microbes.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the timeline for finding evidence of alien life, misquotes Meg Urry, and includes inaccurate information about the type of life being sought.

###Corrected:
