<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    emmanuel adebayor 's official instagram account emerged on sunday . the togo international said he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team . adebayor 's goal return has led to speculation over his future . adebayor 's goal return has led to speculation over his future . 

    Article: 
    Emmanuel Adebayor is sometimes branded 'eccentric' by pundits, writers and fans alike. After the Tottenham forward posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, it is not hard to see why. The bizarre post on Adebayor's official Instagram account emerged on Sunday, just a few days after the Togo international had taken to Twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the Spurs team. Adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at White Hart Lane, but his inconsistent form has led to few assurances over his future. Maverick Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor performs a strange dance in front of the Arc de Triomphe The Togo international posted the video of him dancing in front of the Paris landmark on his Instagram account He joined Spurs in 2011 from Manchester City, initially on loan before an impressive first season tally of 18 goals, convinced the club to make the switch permanent for £5million the following summer. Since then, however, Adebayor's goal return has become significantly more modest and he has not scored in the league for Spurs since the 2-1 defeat to Newcastle back in October. Factor in the remarkable rise of academy graduate Harry Kane and it is easy to see why some sections of supporters have written Adebayor off as surplus to requirements. Adebayor has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham and could leave this summer Adebayor sees a shot saved by Aston Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan (left) during the match in November Adebayor recently insisted that he was prepared to fight for his place in the Tottenham team The form of Spurs academy graduate Harry Kane (left) has seen Adebayor pushed down the pecking order Adebayor poses for a photo on Instagram as the the striker takes a break in Paris 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Adebayor's goal return has led to speculation over his future, but the article does not mention anything about his goal return being a factor in his future at Tottenham. In fact, the article focuses more on his inconsistent form and the rise of Harry Kane as reasons why Adebayor might be considered surplus to requirements.
2. The summary mentions that Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe, but the article does not mention this. The only reference to a video in the article is a mention of Adebayor posting a photo of himself on Instagram while on a break in Paris.
3. The summary states that Adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham, but the article does not mention the length of his contract.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, and omits other important information that is included in the article.

###Corrected:
