<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Two comedians and a Coronation Street actress came out in support of Labour at a party rally. Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans, at the event also attended by Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay. The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit 'little grannies' - had made her money 'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution'. Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, told supporters he was 'back with Labour'. He said: 'It's no secret that I am now one of that wealthy minority. Me and Myleene Klass. Scroll down for video Comedian Ben Elton, left, took a swipe at Myleene Klass, right, during a rally for Labour supporters The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex posed for a selfie with a fan during rally in Warrington 'I made my money cracking knob gags, she made her money showering in a bikini. 'We should both be proud to make our contribution.' Elton lashed out at the glitzy Black and White fundraising ball staged annually by the Conservatives to raise funds. 'Apparently we are the ones that sneer. Really? Have you seen the Black and White ball? 'Just a little bit of sneering going on I think.' Long-time Labour supporter Eddie Izzard said the party would offer a 'fair chance for everyone'. Actress Sally Lindsay told the crowd 'it makes me sick' that people are having to turn to foodbanks because they cannot afford to eat. The former Coronation Street star backed Labour's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and called for a 'decent minimum' wage. Coronation Street actress Sally Lindsay joined Justine Miliband and Eddie Izzard at the campaign event Joey Essex was among the crowd at the rally where Ed Miliband announced a £5 billion Future Homes Fund 'That's why I'm voting Labour, that's why I support Ed.' Martin Freeman, one of Britain's most bankable Hollywood stars, was the first celebrity face to back Labour's 2015 General Election campaign. Joey Essex, who posed for selfies with excited fans, was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a TV special. At the rally in Warrington, Ed Miliband told supporters a Labour government would 'get Britain building again'. Announcing a £5 billion Future Homes Fund, he said Labour would build 125,000 new homes. In a speech, he said: 'There's nothing more British than the dream of home ownership. Starting out in a place of your own. But for so many young people today that dream is fading.' He went on: 'Our plan is the first real plan for housebuilding in a generation. 'We will build at least 200,000 homes a year by the end of the Parliament. 'We won't let those large developers just hoard land. 'Waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes. 'We'll say: either you use the land or you lose the land. 'We will build a new generation of towns, garden cities and suburbs creating over half a million new homes. Ed Miliband, speaking at the rally,  said a Labour government would 'get Britain building again' 'We will make housing the top priority for additional capital investment.' Mr Miliband added: 'The banks will benefit from the taxpayer support we will provide to help people save for their first home. 'In return, we will expect the banks to invest in homes for the next generation. Unlocking £5 billion for 125,000 homes. 'A Labour government will get Britain building again.'
</Article>

<Summary>
ben elton told supporters he was ' back with labour ' . the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit ' little grannies ' - had made her money ' showering in a bikini ' . elton , who distanced himself from the party under tony blair , told supporters ' it makes me sick ' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Ben Elton told supporters he was "back with Labour." This is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of Ben Elton rejoining the Labour party.
2. The summary states that Ben Elton said Myleene Klass made her money "showering in a bikini." This is not consistent with the article, as Ben Elton did not make this statement.
3. The summary states that Ben Elton said "it makes me sick." This is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of Ben Elton making this statement.
4. The summary does not accurately convey the content of the article, which includes information about the Labour party's plans for housing and the economy, as well as the party's support from celebrities such as Eddie Izzard and Sally Lindsay.

Overall, the summary is not a accurate representation of the article and contains several inaccuracies.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Ben Elton told supporters he was 'back with Labour' and criticized Myleene Klass for making money 'showering in a bikini' and expressed that it makes him sick.
2. However, the article states that Ben Elton criticized Myleene Klass for her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans, mentioning that the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit 'little grannies.' The article does not mention Ben Elton expressing that it makes him sick.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary adds the statement "'it makes me sick'" to Ben Elton's comments, which is not supported by the article.