<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Two comedians and a Coronation Street actress came out in support of Labour at a party rally. Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans, at the event also attended by Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay. The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit 'little grannies' - had made her money 'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution'. Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, told supporters he was 'back with Labour'. He said: 'It's no secret that I am now one of that wealthy minority. Me and Myleene Klass. Scroll down for video Comedian Ben Elton, left, took a swipe at Myleene Klass, right, during a rally for Labour supporters The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex posed for a selfie with a fan during rally in Warrington 'I made my money cracking knob gags, she made her money showering in a bikini. 'We should both be proud to make our contribution.' Elton lashed out at the glitzy Black and White fundraising ball staged annually by the Conservatives to raise funds. 'Apparently we are the ones that sneer. Really? Have you seen the Black and White ball? 'Just a little bit of sneering going on I think.' Long-time Labour supporter Eddie Izzard said the party would offer a 'fair chance for everyone'. Actress Sally Lindsay told the crowd 'it makes me sick' that people are having to turn to foodbanks because they cannot afford to eat. The former Coronation Street star backed Labour's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and called for a 'decent minimum' wage. Coronation Street actress Sally Lindsay joined Justine Miliband and Eddie Izzard at the campaign event Joey Essex was among the crowd at the rally where Ed Miliband announced a £5 billion Future Homes Fund 'That's why I'm voting Labour, that's why I support Ed.' Martin Freeman, one of Britain's most bankable Hollywood stars, was the first celebrity face to back Labour's 2015 General Election campaign. Joey Essex, who posed for selfies with excited fans, was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a TV special. At the rally in Warrington, Ed Miliband told supporters a Labour government would 'get Britain building again'. Announcing a £5 billion Future Homes Fund, he said Labour would build 125,000 new homes. In a speech, he said: 'There's nothing more British than the dream of home ownership. Starting out in a place of your own. But for so many young people today that dream is fading.' He went on: 'Our plan is the first real plan for housebuilding in a generation. 'We will build at least 200,000 homes a year by the end of the Parliament. 'We won't let those large developers just hoard land. 'Waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes. 'We'll say: either you use the land or you lose the land. 'We will build a new generation of towns, garden cities and suburbs creating over half a million new homes. Ed Miliband, speaking at the rally,  said a Labour government would 'get Britain building again' 'We will make housing the top priority for additional capital investment.' Mr Miliband added: 'The banks will benefit from the taxpayer support we will provide to help people save for their first home. 'In return, we will expect the banks to invest in homes for the next generation. Unlocking £5 billion for 125,000 homes. 'A Labour government will get Britain building again.'
</Article>

<Summary>
myleene klass made a swipe at myleene klass over ed miliband 's mansion tax plan . she claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit ' little UNK ' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Myleene Klass made a swipe at Myleene Klass. This is a contradiction, as Myleene Klass is the same person in both instances.
2. The summary claims that Myleene Klass said the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit "little UNK." However, the article does not mention Myleene Klass making any statement about "little UNK."
3. The article states that Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass, saying that she made her money "showering in a bikini" and should be "proud to make a contribution." The summary does not mention this statement by Ben Elton.
4. The article mentions that Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex, and Sally Lindsay were also in attendance at the rally, but the summary does not mention their presence.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents Myleene Klass's statements, omits important information about Ben Elton's statements, and fails to mention the presence of other celebrities at the rally.

###Corrected:
