<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    paul mcgowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer . mcgowan was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in january 2014 after admitting kicking two officers . the dens star will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest . 

    Article: 
    Dundee have vowed to stand by Paul McGowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman. But the Dens Park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. The 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am. And the Dark Blues face Ronny Deila's night next Wednesday night – before a Friday night trip to Parkhead on May 1. McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court. As a St Mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in January 2014 after admitting kicking two officers. The court heard McGowan 'charged towards' two police officers after a disturbance in Airdrie in the early hours of November 23 last year. He later kicked another officer on the body while being detained at Coatbridge police station. Paul McGowan avoided a prison sentence after a third assault on a policeman Sheriff Derek O'Carroll spared the Dens star a prison sentence after hearing he had was undergoing counselling through PFA Scotland, the players' union, for a gambling problem in addition to social work sessions. In a statement Dundee vowed to support their player through his problems saying: 'The club does not condone the behaviour which has led to this and wouldn't from any member of our staff. 'We fully respect the decision made by the court and Dundee FC will be standing by the player. 'Paul is an integral part of the club and we will be working alongside the PFA with him as he bids to positively resolve his off the field issues. 'With the support of his manager, his teammates and club staff we hope Paul will be able to move forward and be part of another successful season next year at Dens Park. 'The club will be making no further comment on the matter.' His solicitor, Liam O'Donnell, told the court that social work reports 'finally give some indication that the accused is getting it in terms of his offending. He added: 'He was not in any trouble from the age of 16 to 23. At age 23 he separated from his partner. The reason he separated has been attributed to an underlying gambling problem. The 27-year-old Dundee midfielder pictured in action against Dundee United last week 'This gambling problem seems to be the root of his offending. When he takes alcohol his anger about the gambling problem seems to come out through aggression.' O'Donnell revealed the former St Mirren player was undergoing voluntary counselling each week through the Paisley-based RCA Trust, which helps people with alcohol and gambling addictions. 'He is fully supported by his club,' he added. 'The managing director of Dundee Football Club is present in court to indicate his support because he is addressing matters.' After listening to the address, Sheriff O'Carroll reminded McGowan of the previous occasions he had been convicted of offences, in 2010 and 2013. 'And here you are again facing similar charges,' O'Carroll added. 'It's quite correct to say that you are on the cusp of custody and certainly that's in the thoughts of the court.' However, he proceeded to sentence McGowan to the tagging order provided he continues with the counselling. 'If you breach the order you will be brought back here and I have already advised you what the outcome will be,' the sheriff added. Dundee managing director John Nelms, who was accompanied in court by players including captain James McPake, declined to answer questions outside court. McGowan also declined to comment but O'Donnell said afterwards: 'He is relieved with the outcome and he knows he needs to modify his behaviour. He appreciates the support of his club and others.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary and the article. Here are the steps:

Step 1: Identify the inconsistencies

The summary states that Paul McGowan was handed a one-year supervision order and 130 hours of unpaid work. However, the article states that McGowan was placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order, which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am.

Step 2: Analyze the inconsistencies

The inconsistency lies in the sentence imposed on McGowan. The summary states that McGowan was given a one-year supervision order and 130 hours of unpaid work, while the article states that he was placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order.

Step 3: Determine the reason for the inconsistency

The reason for the inconsistency is that the article is referring to a different sentence imposed on McGowan. The article states that McGowan was placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order, which is a different sentence from the one-year supervision order and 130 hours of unpaid work mentioned in the summary.

Step 4: Evaluate the impact of the inconsistency

The inconsistency may have a significant impact on the summary's accuracy and reliability. The summary is not consistent with the article, which may lead readers to question the validity of the summary's information.

In conclusion, the inconsistency between the summary and the article is due to the fact that the article refers to a different sentence imposed on McGowan. The inconsistency may impact the accuracy and reliability of the summary.

###Corrected:
