<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Share this withEmailFacebookMessengerMessengerTwitterPinterestWhatsAppLinkedInCopy this linkAt the end of his speech launching the party's manifesto, Mike Nesbitt said: "Domination doesn't work, partnership does."Ulster Unionists want the election to be a referendum on how the Renewable Heat Incentive debacle was handled.But the focus has now turned on them following Mr Nesbitt's comments.Mr Nesbitt was asked about the decision of his senior party colleague Danny Kennedy to publicly distance himself from the remarks.He turned to Mr Kennedy, who was sitting behind him on the platform, and said: "It wasn't disappointing, it was actually quite reaffirming to know Danny was listening."The line brought laughter from other candidates and party members.Under questioning from journalists, Mr Nesbitt denied that he had any regrets or that he had made a mistake."What I have said consistently is vote Ulster Unionists and then for any candidate that you believe will do the right thing within your community, within your constituency and within the country," he said.He added that he "wouldn't withdraw a word" of what he had said and was thinking only of what what would happen after the election."The fact is, if we are going into [Stormont] Castle, it will be with a nationalist party," he said."Now, would I rather go in with Sinn Féin or the SDLP? I would rather go in with the SDLP."Mr Nesbitt went on to say that, on Monday, he spent a lot of time time knocking doors in heavily unionist areas with "very little criticism and a lot of support for what I was talking about"."I am confident in my position and I'm very confident and relaxed that [candidates] behind me are taking different positions in terms of vote transfer," he said."But people will come back on 2 March to thinking about the £85,000 a day that is going up in smoke, the 10 years of the DUP and Sin Féin in that castle and the impossibility, no matter what anybody writes in a platform piece for the newspaper, of leopards changing their spots."The manifesto, entitled 'Real Partnership', includes calls for action in tackling waiting lists, increasing PSNI numbers to 7,500, prioritising the York Street interchange, standing up for the LGBT community and "guaranteeing" that no group is worse off because of Brexit.In a section entitled 'Cleaning Up Stormont', the party calls for:On the theme of the election being a referendum, he said it was about "incompetence, arrogance, cronyism and the strong whiff of corruption".He must hope that message will resonate more strongly than the continuing controversy over his remarks about transferring to the SDLP.
</Article>

<Summary>
the former ulster unionist leader mike nesbitt has said he does not want to quit the party.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Mike Nesbitt does not want to quit the party, but the article does not mention anything about him wanting to quit. In fact, the article states that he is confident in his position and that he is focused on the election.
2. The summary is too brief and does not provide any specific information about the content of the article. The article discusses Nesbitt's speech launching the party's manifesto, his comments about the Renewable Heat Incentive debacle, and his views on the election being a referendum on the handling of the debacle. The summary does not mention any of these points.
3. The summary is written in a way that suggests Nesbitt is trying to defend himself against criticism, but the article does not mention any criticism of him. Instead, the article focuses on his comments about the election and his party's manifesto.

Overall, the summary is not a accurate representation of the article and does not provide enough information to give a clear understanding of the content of the article.

###Corrected:
