<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
With just two weekends of Football League action to play, and one in the Conference, it is crunch time for a number of clubs. Some are fighting for promotion and some relegation, but this Saturday could see a number of ups and downs in English football. Here, Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference. Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction Steve McClaren will be desperate to manage in the Premier League again; Derby can secure a play-off spot Championship Watford (away to Brighton) will be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth (home to Bolton, Monday) or Middlesbrough (away to Fulham) lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win. Derby (away to Millwall) will make sure of a play-off place if they win. Ipswich (home to Nottingham Forest) will make sure of a play-off place if they win and both Brentford (away to Reading) and Wolves (away to Wigan) fail to win. The situation at the bottom is complicated by Rotherham's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player. If Rotherham win, Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win. If Rotherham win, Millwall will be relegated if they lose. League One Preston (home to Swindon) will be promoted if they win and MK Dons (away to Rochdale) lose. Sheffield United (away to Leyton Orient) and Chesterfield (home to Bristol City) will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if Rochdale fail to win. Leyton Orient (home to Sheff Utd) and Notts County (home to Doncaster) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe (away to Coventry) win and Crawley (away to Peterborough) avoid defeat. Colchester (away to Fleetwood) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe and Crawley win and Port Vale (away to Yeovil) avoid defeat. Jermaine Beckford (left) and Daniel Johnson celebrate; Preston can be promoted if they win and MK Dons lose Burton Albion have already been promoted but they can secure champion status this weekend League Two Already-promoted Burton (home to Northampton) will be champions if they win and Shrewsbury (away to Cheltenham) fail to win. Shrewsbury will be promoted if they win or if one of Wycombe (home to Morecambe) or Southend (home to Luton) fails to win. Stevenage (home to Carlisle) will guarantee a play-off place if they win or if one of Plymouth (home to Tranmere) or Luton fails to win. Tranmere will be relegated if they lose and if one of Hartlepool (home to Exeter) or Cheltenham win. Tranmere will also be relegated if they fail to win and Hartlepool win. Cheltenham will be relegated if they lose and Hartlepool win. ........................................................................... Conference Barnet (home to Gateshead) will be promoted as champions if they win. Bristol Rovers (home to Alfreton) will be promoted as champions if they win and Barnet fail to win. Eastleigh (home to Kidderminster) and Forest Green (home to Dover) will guarantee play-off places if they win or if Macclesfield (away to Torquay) fail to win. Macclesfield need to win and hope either Eastleigh lose or Forest Green fail to win. Barring a 14-goal swing, Alfreton will be relegated if they lose. Welling (home to Southport) will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton draw or if they draw and Alfreton win. Southport will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton win by reversing an eight-goal goal-difference deficit. It is make or break for Bristol Rovers boss Darrell Clarke this weekend - they can be promoted as champions
</Article>

<Summary>
watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . rotherham 's desire to stave off relegation to league one has been made more difficult by a points deduction . derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat millwall .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose, and Norwich fail to win.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about Watford's promotion being dependent on Norwich's failure to win. In fact, the article states that Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose, regardless of Norwich's result.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it adds a condition that is not present in the article.
4. The article also mentions that Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction, but the summary does not include this information.
5. Additionally, the summary states that Derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat Millwall, which is correct, but the article also mentions that Ipswich can secure a play-off place if they win and both Brentford and Wolves fail to win, which is not included in the summary.

Overall, the summary is not a accurate representation of the information in the article, as it omits certain details and adds conditions that are not present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Watford can be promoted if they win, and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough loses, and Norwich fails to win. It also mentions that Rotherham's desire to avoid relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction, and that Derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat Millwall.
2. However, the article provides more information about the Championship, including additional scenarios and clubs' situations, such as Ipswich's chance to secure a play-off place if they win and other teams fail to win, as well as the complex bottom-of-the-table scenarios involving Rotherham, Wigan, and Millwall. The summary does not include these details.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary simplifies the Championship situation by only mentioning Watford, Bournemouth, Middlesbrough, and Derby, while the article provides a more comprehensive overview of the various promotion, play-off, and relegation possibilities.