<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference . watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . rotherham 's desire to stave off relegation to league one has been made more difficult by a points deduction . 

    Article: 
    With just two weekends of Football League action to play, and one in the Conference, it is crunch time for a number of clubs. Some are fighting for promotion and some relegation, but this Saturday could see a number of ups and downs in English football. Here, Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference. Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction Steve McClaren will be desperate to manage in the Premier League again; Derby can secure a play-off spot Championship Watford (away to Brighton) will be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth (home to Bolton, Monday) or Middlesbrough (away to Fulham) lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win. Derby (away to Millwall) will make sure of a play-off place if they win. Ipswich (home to Nottingham Forest) will make sure of a play-off place if they win and both Brentford (away to Reading) and Wolves (away to Wigan) fail to win. The situation at the bottom is complicated by Rotherham's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player. If Rotherham win, Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win. If Rotherham win, Millwall will be relegated if they lose. League One Preston (home to Swindon) will be promoted if they win and MK Dons (away to Rochdale) lose. Sheffield United (away to Leyton Orient) and Chesterfield (home to Bristol City) will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if Rochdale fail to win. Leyton Orient (home to Sheff Utd) and Notts County (home to Doncaster) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe (away to Coventry) win and Crawley (away to Peterborough) avoid defeat. Colchester (away to Fleetwood) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe and Crawley win and Port Vale (away to Yeovil) avoid defeat. Jermaine Beckford (left) and Daniel Johnson celebrate; Preston can be promoted if they win and MK Dons lose Burton Albion have already been promoted but they can secure champion status this weekend League Two Already-promoted Burton (home to Northampton) will be champions if they win and Shrewsbury (away to Cheltenham) fail to win. Shrewsbury will be promoted if they win or if one of Wycombe (home to Morecambe) or Southend (home to Luton) fails to win. Stevenage (home to Carlisle) will guarantee a play-off place if they win or if one of Plymouth (home to Tranmere) or Luton fails to win. Tranmere will be relegated if they lose and if one of Hartlepool (home to Exeter) or Cheltenham win. Tranmere will also be relegated if they fail to win and Hartlepool win. Cheltenham will be relegated if they lose and Hartlepool win. ........................................................................... Conference Barnet (home to Gateshead) will be promoted as champions if they win. Bristol Rovers (home to Alfreton) will be promoted as champions if they win and Barnet fail to win. Eastleigh (home to Kidderminster) and Forest Green (home to Dover) will guarantee play-off places if they win or if Macclesfield (away to Torquay) fail to win. Macclesfield need to win and hope either Eastleigh lose or Forest Green fail to win. Barring a 14-goal swing, Alfreton will be relegated if they lose. Welling (home to Southport) will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton draw or if they draw and Alfreton win. Southport will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton win by reversing an eight-goal goal-difference deficit. It is make or break for Bristol Rovers boss Darrell Clarke this weekend - they can be promoted as champions 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you identify the inconsistencies in the summary and the article. Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose, but the article does not mention anything about Bournemouth or Middlesbrough's potential to lose.
2. The summary also states that Norwich need to win to avoid relegation, but the article does not mention anything about Norwich's situation.
3. The summary mentions Rotherham's points deduction, but the article does not explain the context of the deduction or how it affects Rotherham's chances of avoiding relegation.
4. The summary states that Preston can be promoted if they win and MK Dons lose, but the article does not mention anything about MK Dons' potential to lose.
5. The summary mentions that Leyton Orient and Notts County will be relegated if they lose, but the article does not mention anything about their situations.
6. The summary states that Colchester will be relegated if they lose and Crewe and Crawley win, but the article does not mention anything about Crewe or Crawley's potential to win.
7. The summary mentions that Burton Albion have already been promoted but can secure champion status this weekend, but the article does not mention anything about their potential to secure champion status.
8. The summary states that Stevenage will guarantee a play-off place if they win or one of Plymouth or Luton fails to win, but the article does not mention anything about Plymouth or Luton's potential to fail to win.
9. The summary mentions that Tranmere will be relegated if they lose and one of Hartlepool or Cheltenham win, but the article does not mention anything about Hartlepool or Cheltenham's potential to win.
10. The summary states that Barnet will be promoted as champions if they win, but the article does not mention anything about their potential to win and secure the championship.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not supported by the article. The article provides more detailed information about the various scenarios that can affect the teams' chances of promotion, re

###Corrected:
