<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
With just two weekends of Football League action to play, and one in the Conference, it is crunch time for a number of clubs. Some are fighting for promotion and some relegation, but this Saturday could see a number of ups and downs in English football. Here, Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference. Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction Steve McClaren will be desperate to manage in the Premier League again; Derby can secure a play-off spot Championship Watford (away to Brighton) will be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth (home to Bolton, Monday) or Middlesbrough (away to Fulham) lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win. Derby (away to Millwall) will make sure of a play-off place if they win. Ipswich (home to Nottingham Forest) will make sure of a play-off place if they win and both Brentford (away to Reading) and Wolves (away to Wigan) fail to win. The situation at the bottom is complicated by Rotherham's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player. If Rotherham win, Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win. If Rotherham win, Millwall will be relegated if they lose. League One Preston (home to Swindon) will be promoted if they win and MK Dons (away to Rochdale) lose. Sheffield United (away to Leyton Orient) and Chesterfield (home to Bristol City) will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if Rochdale fail to win. Leyton Orient (home to Sheff Utd) and Notts County (home to Doncaster) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe (away to Coventry) win and Crawley (away to Peterborough) avoid defeat. Colchester (away to Fleetwood) will be relegated if they lose and Crewe and Crawley win and Port Vale (away to Yeovil) avoid defeat. Jermaine Beckford (left) and Daniel Johnson celebrate; Preston can be promoted if they win and MK Dons lose Burton Albion have already been promoted but they can secure champion status this weekend League Two Already-promoted Burton (home to Northampton) will be champions if they win and Shrewsbury (away to Cheltenham) fail to win. Shrewsbury will be promoted if they win or if one of Wycombe (home to Morecambe) or Southend (home to Luton) fails to win. Stevenage (home to Carlisle) will guarantee a play-off place if they win or if one of Plymouth (home to Tranmere) or Luton fails to win. Tranmere will be relegated if they lose and if one of Hartlepool (home to Exeter) or Cheltenham win. Tranmere will also be relegated if they fail to win and Hartlepool win. Cheltenham will be relegated if they lose and Hartlepool win. ........................................................................... Conference Barnet (home to Gateshead) will be promoted as champions if they win. Bristol Rovers (home to Alfreton) will be promoted as champions if they win and Barnet fail to win. Eastleigh (home to Kidderminster) and Forest Green (home to Dover) will guarantee play-off places if they win or if Macclesfield (away to Torquay) fail to win. Macclesfield need to win and hope either Eastleigh lose or Forest Green fail to win. Barring a 14-goal swing, Alfreton will be relegated if they lose. Welling (home to Southport) will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton draw or if they draw and Alfreton win. Southport will be relegated if they lose and Alfreton win by reversing an eight-goal goal-difference deficit. It is make or break for Bristol Rovers boss Darrell Clarke this weekend - they can be promoted as champions
</Article>

<Summary>
sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference . watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . steve mcclaren will be desperate to manage in the premier league again .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose, which is correct.
2. However, the summary also states that Norwich must fail to win, which is not correct. The article states that Norwich's fate is not directly affected by the results of other teams, so their failure to win would not impact Watford's promotion.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it introduces a condition that is not present in the article. The article does not mention Norwich's fate being directly affected by the results of other teams.
4. Additionally, the summary mentions Steve McClaren, which is not mentioned in the article.

Overall, the summary is not a correct representation of the article's content and introduces additional information that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Sportsmail's guide takes the reader through permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two, and the Conference.
2. However, the article provides specific details about the promotion and relegation scenarios in these leagues, including conditions for teams to be promoted, secure play-off places, or be relegated. The summary lacks these specific details and focuses on Watford's promotion scenario and Steve McClaren's desire to manage in the Premier League.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the article provides detailed information about various teams' promotion, relegation, and play-off scenarios, while the summary provides a general reference to the article without specifying any of these scenarios.