<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley's sacking.Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice."We've got to go with somebody who will to get us out of trouble," he said."If we were to go down - and there's obviously that possibility - you look at the Championship and it seems to have got a lot stronger. It's not a foregone conclusion [to go straight back up]."I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it's difficult. Newcastle look like they'll do it but they're a big, powerful club who can hang on to a lot of their top players. I'm not sure we'd be able to do that."If we go down, it's going to be tough to get back."Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well-run club with a team that played exciting, possession-based football.Their promotion capped a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated out of the Football League altogether in 2003.Curtis - a former player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left in 2014."I think we have [lost our way]. It's just the change of management all the time," Curtis added."The best eras were Roberto Martinez, Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup. But we've probably lost a bit of the 'Swansea Way'. It has been diluted."We've lost quite a few players too but have we adequately replaced them?"Media playback is not supported on this deviceCurtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up, and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing of how far the club has come."I know a lot of the foreign boys have seen [the documentary] Jack to a King. So they've got a brief history of where we were and where we are now," he said."They might not be 100% passionate about it but they know where we came from and how important it is [to stay up]. Not just for the club but for the whole area."
</Article>

<Summary>
swansea city manager neil curtis has urged his players to ``get back up up\'\'if they are to leave the premier league.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Neil Curtis, the Swansea City manager, has urged his players to "get back up" if they are to leave the Premier League.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about Curtis urging his players to "get back up." Instead, the article quotes Curtis as saying that the team needs to stay up to avoid a difficult financial situation.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it misrepresents what Curtis actually said.
4. The summary is also not supported by the article, as there is no mention of Curtis using the phrase "get back up."
5. It is likely that the summary was created by someone who did not carefully read the article and instead relied on their own understanding of what the article might have said.
6. To fix the inconsistency, the summary should be revised to accurately reflect the content of the article, such as by stating that Curtis urged his players to stay up to avoid a difficult financial situation.

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that Swansea City manager Neil Curtis has urged his players to "get back up" if they are to leave the Premier League.
2. However, the article does not mention Neil Curtis urging his players to "get back up" to leave the Premier League. The article discusses Curtis's thoughts on the team's situation and potential relegation, but it does not include the exact phrase or sentiment mentioned in the summary.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error in the summary, which introduces a statement that is not supported by the article's content.