<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Mike Tindall wouldn't have moved any quicker had he been surging towards the posts in a Six Nations clash at Twickenham. In Aintree's crowded unsaddling area, the former England captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number '3', with his wife, Zara Phillips, scampering in hot pursuit. Not even a hug from AP McCoy could check his momentum. No wonder. Tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen Monbeg Dude, the horse whom he owns with James Simpson-Daniel and Nicky Robinson, run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior, who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1, returned. Former England rugby captain Mike Tindall and wife Zara Philipps at Aintree ahead of the Grand National Tindall celebrates after watching his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the National Monbeg Dude is now 10 and, according to his jockey Liam Treadwell, 'likes to do things at his own pace' but his resolution is not in question and this was the latest wonderful day he had given his owners and trainer Michael Scudamore. Think about this for a CV: a Welsh Grand National in January 2013, victory in a big chase at Cheltenham in December of the same year and being placed in a Hennessey Gold Cup at Newbury last November, then this. Not bad for a horse that cost £12,000. While the exultant connections of winner Many Clouds were celebrating a few yards away, their joy was almost matched by the happiness of the Monbeg Dude team; as Michael shook his head in wonder, his father Peter, the former champion jump jockey, dashed to engulf him in a bear hug. Here was thumping evidence that no other race stirs the emotions quite like the Crabbie's Grand National. The £88,400 was by far the biggest pot Monbeg Dude has collected in his 24-race career but the reactions of Tindal et al (ITALICISE) showed this was about far more than money. 'Pride is the word I would use,' said Michael Scudamore. 'I am so happy for the horse. He is unbelievably tough and brave. To put in a performance like that after coming here last year (finishing seventh), I am just so proud. The owners are buzzing, so is the jockey.' Many Clouds and Aspell jump a fence on the way to winning the 2015 Grand National at Aintree Treadwell's contented look as he strolled to the Owners and Trainers tent a little while after said as much. He won the Grand National in 2009, when steering Mon Mome to a 100/1 success, but this was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010, when unseating at the 20th from Nozic. 'I am absolutely delighted,' said Treadwell. 'The horse didn't even know he had been in a race. He got hampered at Becher's Brook the first time and that checked his momentum but he has given me a fantastic ride. 'Last year he looked like he was going to be the winner going to the last and there was a point when I thought my run was going to take me there this time but he just flattened out a bit at The Elbow. But what a great day. I really appreciate everything about this atmosphere now.' He wasn't the only one. Aintree, even when you are defeated, is a place where dreams can come true.
</Article>

<Summary>
mike tindall 's horse monbeg dude finished third in the six nations . tindall 's wife zara phillips was scampering in hot pursuit . monbeg dude is now 10 and ` likes to do things at his own pace ' .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Mike Tindall's horse, Monbeg Dude, finished third in the Six Nations.
2. However, the article does not mention the Six Nations at all. The article only mentions the Grand National, a horse race held at Aintree.
3. The summary also states that Monbeg Dude is 10 years old and "likes to do things at his own pace".
4. This information is not supported by the article, which only mentions the horse's age and its performance in the Grand National.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article and contains incorrect information.

Step by step, the errors in the summary are:

1. Mentioning the Six Nations, which is not mentioned in the article.
2. Incorrectly stating the age of Monbeg Dude (the article states the horse is 10, but the summary states it "likes to do things at his own pace").
3. Including information that is not supported by the article (the summary states Monbeg Dude "likes to do things at his own pace", but the article does not mention this).

###Corrected:
1. The summary implies that "Mike Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude finished third in the Six Nations."
2. However, the article does not mention Monbeg Dude participating in the Six Nations or finishing third in the Six Nations. The article discusses Monbeg Dude's performance in the Grand National horse race at Aintree, where it finished in the money. The summary incorrectly introduces the unrelated concept of the Six Nations.
3. The inconsistency is due to the error that the summary erroneously associates Monbeg Dude with the Six Nations, which is a rugby union competition, while the article is about a horse race.