<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    documented and undocumented immigrant population in the united states could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years . number could rise to one in five by 2060 , when immigrant population reaches 78 million . without no change in current immigration policy , the highest ever recorded in american history . 

    Article: 
    Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the United States could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years, according to U.S. Census figures. And by 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report from the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) said. Documented and undocumented immigrants in the United States could reach a record high in the United States by 2023, when their share of the population could hit 14.8 per cent That number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million. This report comes as President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) policies. Net immigration will steadily increase over the next 45 years, totaling at 64million Without no change in current immigration policy, by 2023 the total immigrant population in the United states will reach 14.8 per cent, the highest ever recorded in American history Immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population and will reach 15.8 per cent of the nation's population by 2030, 17.1 per cent by 2040 and 18.8 per cent by 2060 In 1990, immigrants accounted for just 7.9 per cent of U.S. population U.S population could grow to 417million by 2016. In 2010 the population was 306million Without a change to immigration policty, immigrants who arrive in the future and their descendants could account for three quarters of future U.S. population Center for Immigration Studies This could potentially exempt about five million undocumented immigrants from deportation. And with the surge in immigrant population, Republican presidential candidates have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established. CIS director of research Steven Camarota said that the growth in immigrant population has 'important implications for workers, schools, infrastructure, congestion and the environment'. 'They also may have implications for our ability to successfully assimilate and integrate immigrants,' he added. 'Yet there has been almost no national debate about bringing in so many people legally each year, which is the primary factor driving these numbers.' Currently there are approximately 12million undocumented immigrants in the United States and 70,000 more are expected to cross the border this year, according to the Washington Examiner. There are also more than 4.4million people on a U.S. State Department green card waiting list. And within years, Immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population. From a starting point of 2010, immigration population will reach 15.8 per cent (57million) of the nation's population by 2030, 17.1 (65million) per cent by 2040 and 18.8 per cent (78million)  by 2060. Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5 per cent of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050 and 82 per cent of growth between 2010 and 2060. By 2060, immigrants and their descendants will account for 82 per cent of the nation's population growth since 2010 President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies, which could potentially exempt about 5million undocumented immigrants from deportation Alabama Rep. Sen. Jeff Sessions, who has been a leader in the immigration debate, said in a letter to the New York Times on Saturday that an increase of immigrants in the country will hurt the middle class. He wrote: 'It defies reason to argue that the record admission of new foreign workers has no negative effect on the wages of American workers, including the wages of past immigrants hoping to climb into the middle class. 'Why would many of the largest business groups in the United States spend millions lobbying for the admission of more foreign workers if such policies did not cut labor costs?' Key business leaders form a group association with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and members of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are meeting on Friday to discuss expanding immigration. The meeting it titled 'Understanding and Improving the High-Skilled H-1B Visa Program', according to the examiner. Republican leaders, particularly those running in the presidential race for 2016, have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the documented and undocumented immigrant population in the US could reach a record high of 51 million in just eight years, while the article states that the population could reach 78 million by 2060.
2. The summary mentions that immigrants will account for one in five people in the US by 2060, while the article states that they will account for 82% of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2060.
3. The summary states that net immigration will steadily increase over the next 45 years, totaling 64 million, while the article states that immigration population will grow almost four times faster than the native-born population and will reach 15.8% of the nation's population by 2030, 17.1% by 2040, and 18.8% by 2060.
4. The summary mentions that President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that an increase in immigrants in the country will hurt the middle class, while the article does not address this issue.
6. The summary mentions that key business leaders are meeting to discuss expanding immigration, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccurate or exaggerated information, such as the projected population size and the timeline for reaching that size. Additionally, the summary leaves out important information from the article, such as the fact that immigration policies could potentially exempt about 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation.

###Corrected:
