<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the family of a seven-year-old boy who has his own special education say they are struggling to find a place for him. 

    Article: 
    The boy is from Northern Ireland, but his family do not want him to be named to protect his identity. His mother had to give up her job to look after him.In June, his parents made the difficult decision to remove him from mainstream schooling because he was not coping.They requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting.In September, the family was told that all the special schools in the South Eastern Education Board area were full to capacity and no time frame could be given as to when a place would become available.The boy's mother told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme that her son does not understand why his brother and sister are able to go to school but he is not."He really misses being around people, he doesn't like being isolated, but unfortunately the way the system has been working so far has actually worked to isolate him more," she said.The family has now been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed at a local special school and the hope is that their son will be able to start there in the next few weeks.However, the boy's mother is worried that this same situation will happen to other families as the special needs school system is packed to capacity."The schools are being put in the position where they have a family like us who desperately require a place in the school, but they really have no capacity there because the school is already over-subscribed."The BBC asked the Education Authority for a response to the concerns the family has raised but its spokesperson said they could not comment on individual cases."As we have a duty to protect the privacy rights of the child, it would be unacceptable to publicly discuss their specific and highly sensitive needs", they said.In relation to special school provision in general, they said the Education Authority was "currently reviewing the profile of need for special school places in Northern Ireland and is endeavouring to ensure that places are available close to where the children reside"."This work is ongoing and is designed to assist with the placement of children with effect from 2016," the spokesperson added. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

Step 1: The summary states that the family is struggling to find a place for their seven-year-old son in a special school, but the article does not mention this. Instead, the article states that the family was told that all special schools in the South Eastern Education Board area were full to capacity and no time frame could be given as to when a place would become available.

Step 2: The summary mentions that the boy's mother had to give up her job to look after him, but the article does not mention this.

Step 3: The summary states that the family has been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed at a local special school and the hope is that their son will be able to start there in the next few weeks, but the article does not mention this.

Step 4: The summary mentions the boy's mother worrying that this same situation will happen to other families as the special needs school system is packed to capacity, but the article does not mention this.

Step 5: The summary states that the Education Authority could not comment on individual cases, but the article mentions that the Education Authority is "currently reviewing the profile of need for special school places in Northern Ireland and is endeavouring to ensure that places are available close to where the children reside."

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
