<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the family of a 15-year-old boy from northern ireland who went missing from school in northern ireland have said they are ``devastated\'\'by the response. 

    Article: 
    The boy is from Northern Ireland, but his family do not want him to be named to protect his identity. His mother had to give up her job to look after him.In June, his parents made the difficult decision to remove him from mainstream schooling because he was not coping.They requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting.In September, the family was told that all the special schools in the South Eastern Education Board area were full to capacity and no time frame could be given as to when a place would become available.The boy's mother told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme that her son does not understand why his brother and sister are able to go to school but he is not."He really misses being around people, he doesn't like being isolated, but unfortunately the way the system has been working so far has actually worked to isolate him more," she said.The family has now been told that an extra classroom assistant has been employed at a local special school and the hope is that their son will be able to start there in the next few weeks.However, the boy's mother is worried that this same situation will happen to other families as the special needs school system is packed to capacity."The schools are being put in the position where they have a family like us who desperately require a place in the school, but they really have no capacity there because the school is already over-subscribed."The BBC asked the Education Authority for a response to the concerns the family has raised but its spokesperson said they could not comment on individual cases."As we have a duty to protect the privacy rights of the child, it would be unacceptable to publicly discuss their specific and highly sensitive needs", they said.In relation to special school provision in general, they said the Education Authority was "currently reviewing the profile of need for special school places in Northern Ireland and is endeavouring to ensure that places are available close to where the children reside"."This work is ongoing and is designed to assist with the placement of children with effect from 2016," the spokesperson added. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the family is "devastated" by the response, but there is no mention of this in the article. The family is actually quoted as being worried about the situation and concerned about the lack of available special school places.
2. The summary mentions that the boy is from Northern Ireland, but the article does not provide any information about his nationality.
3. The summary states that the family wants the boy to be named to protect his identity, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the family is quoted as asking for their son's name to be withheld to protect his privacy.
4. The summary mentions that the family made the difficult decision to remove the boy from mainstream schooling, but the article does not provide any information about this. Instead, it states that the family requested a place for him at a special school but was told that all the special schools in the area were full.
5. The summary states that the boy's mother said he does not understand why his brother and sister are able to go to school but he is not, but the article does not mention this quote. Instead, it states that the boy's mother is worried that he will be isolated if he does not get a place at a special school.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article and omits other important information that is included in the article.

###Corrected:
