<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Fellow tenants Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union, who have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue."County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023."Our view is quite clear - we've got a contract," Foxall said."That is something that we're expecting to be honoured."Obviously there is a vote in early May by the shareholders for Newport Rugby and we'll wait and see what happens with that."The WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May.In 2013 the Exiles agreed a 10-year lease to use the stadium after gaining promotion to the Football League from the Conference.Newport RFC chairman Will Godfrey said both County and Newport Squash Club, who are also based at Rodney Parade, are protected under their current agreements.Godfrey said the WRU had been made aware of that fact. The WRU have signalled their intention to install an artificial surface which is against Football League rules.On the pitch, County are two points clear of the League Two relegation with two games remaining after six wins in 10 games under caretaker manager Mike Flynn and can clinch survival this weekend if they win and rivals Hartlepool lose.Newport secured promotion back to the Football League in 2013 and Foxall said relegation to the National League would be a "massive" blow,"To lose that status again, in a relatively short space of time would be pretty devastating for the fans but also for the city of Newport," Foxall told BBC Wales Today.
</Article>

<Summary>
newport county director of rugby steve foxall says he expects to sign a new contract at rodney parade.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Steve Foxall, the director of rugby for Newport County, expects to sign a new contract at Rodney Parade.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about Steve Foxall signing a new contract. Instead, it discusses the Welsh Rugby Union's (WRU) takeover bid for Newport Gwent Dragons, which is a different team that shares the same stadium as Newport County.
3. The article mentions that Newport County has a lease to use the Rodney Parade stadium until 2023, and that the WRU's takeover bid will be put to a vote on May 9.
4. The article also mentions that the WRU has signaled its intention to install an artificial surface, which is against Football League rules.
5. Based on the information in the article, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the content of the article.
6. The summary implies that Steve Foxall is signing a new contract, but the article does not support this claim. Instead, the article focuses on the WRU's takeover bid and the potential impact on Newport County's use of the stadium.
7. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not provide a fair representation of the content of the article.

###Corrected:
