<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Fellow tenants Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union, who have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue."County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023."Our view is quite clear - we've got a contract," Foxall said."That is something that we're expecting to be honoured."Obviously there is a vote in early May by the shareholders for Newport Rugby and we'll wait and see what happens with that."The WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May.In 2013 the Exiles agreed a 10-year lease to use the stadium after gaining promotion to the Football League from the Conference.Newport RFC chairman Will Godfrey said both County and Newport Squash Club, who are also based at Rodney Parade, are protected under their current agreements.Godfrey said the WRU had been made aware of that fact. The WRU have signalled their intention to install an artificial surface which is against Football League rules.On the pitch, County are two points clear of the League Two relegation with two games remaining after six wins in 10 games under caretaker manager Mike Flynn and can clinch survival this weekend if they win and rivals Hartlepool lose.Newport secured promotion back to the Football League in 2013 and Foxall said relegation to the National League would be a "massive" blow,"To lose that status again, in a relatively short space of time would be pretty devastating for the fans but also for the city of Newport," Foxall told BBC Wales Today.
</Article>

<Summary>
newport rfc chairman gavin foxall says the welsh rugby union\'s takeover of newport gwent dragons will be the subject of a takeover bid.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "Newport RFC chairman Gavin Foxall says the Welsh Rugby Union's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be the subject of a takeover bid."
2. However, the article does not mention anything about a takeover bid by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) for Newport Gwent Dragons. Instead, the article states that the WRU has made a takeover bid for Rodney Parade, the home ground of Newport County AFC and Newport RFC.
3. The article quotes Gavin Foxall, the chairman of Newport RFC, as saying that the WRU's takeover bid for Rodney Parade will be put to a vote on Tuesday, May 9. However, Foxall does not mention anything about a takeover bid for Newport Gwent Dragons.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that the WRU is making a takeover bid for Newport Gwent Dragons, when in fact the WRU's takeover bid is for Rodney Parade.
5. The article does mention that Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the WRU, but this is not the focus of the article. The article is primarily about the WRU's takeover bid for Rodney Parade and its potential impact on Newport County AFC and Newport RFC.

In conclusion, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents the focus of the article and implies that the WRU is making a takeover bid for Newport Gwent Dragons, when in fact the takeover bid is for Rodney Parade.

###Corrected:
