<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    paul merson was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . andros townsend scored the tottenham midfielder in the 89th minute . paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after his appearance . the midfielder had been brought on to the england squad last week . click here for all the latest arsenal news news . 

    Article: 
    Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. 'Just been watching the game, did you miss the coach? #RubberDub #7minutes,' Merson put on Twitter. Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody.' Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham as they drew 0-0 against Burnley . Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . The former Arsenal man was proven wrong when Townsend hit a stunning equaliser for England against Italy and he duly admitted his mistake. 'It's not as though I was watching hoping he wouldn't score for England, I'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal,' Merson said. 'It's just a matter of opinion, and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at Manchester United in front of Roy Hodgson, so he shouldn't have been in the squad. 'When I'm wrong, I hold my hands up. I don't have a problem with doing that - I'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong.' Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy . Sky Sports pundit  Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week . Townsend hit back at Merson after netting for England in Turin on Wednesday, saying 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?' Any bad feeling between the pair seemed to have passed but Merson was unable to resist having another dig at Townsend after Tottenham drew at Turf Moor. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. Timing of Paul Merson's comments: The summary states that Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley, implying that Merson made the comment after the game. However, the article states that Merson made the comment on Twitter after Townsend scored for England against Italy, which happened several days after the Burnley game.
2. Reason for Merson's criticism: The summary suggests that Merson criticized Townsend because he was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in the game, implying that Merson thought Townsend was not given enough time to make an impact. However, the article reveals that Merson has a history of criticizing Townsend and questioned his call-up to the England squad last week, which is a different reason for his criticism.
3. Townsend's performance: The summary states that Andros Townsend scored the equalizer for Tottenham in the 89th minute, but the article states that he scored the equalizer for England against Italy in a friendly match, not for Tottenham.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents the timing and reason for Paul Merson's criticism of Andros Townsend, and also mixes up Townsend's performance in different games.

###Corrected:
