<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    Italy's coast guard says it has rescued 8,480 migrants since Friday, more than 1,000 of whom are believed to have died TIMELINE: Migrant crisis in the Mediterranean The IOM says that of the 8,480 migrants rescued by Italian coast guard vessels, 5,943 were women and children, and 1,852 were men. The IOM says that of the 1,852 women and children, 781 were from Eritrea 

    Article: 
    Rome (CNN)Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe. From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the Italian coast guard, which said it received on Monday -- alone -- SOS calls from 20 boats in distress. On Tuesday, a spokesman with Save the Children told CNN the group fears 400 migrants could be missing, citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the Mediterranean Sea about 80 miles off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard, however, told CNN that while it is taking the report seriously, it cannot confirm such an incident and has not yet found evidence at sea to indicate a migrant boat carrying approximately 550 has capsized with 145 rescued. An operation that included boats and planes did not find any survivors, nor bodies, nor any evidence to indicate a particular boat capsized, Coast Guard official Filippo Marini said. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy and an increase in rescues performed by the Italian Coast Guard to aid migrant boats. Why migrants are dying trying to reach Italy . According to the International Organization for Migration, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015, and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily. Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria, the IOM said. They use Libya as a country of transit. At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year, often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers, the IOM said. Sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships, leaving passengers to fend for themselves. Last week: 978 migrants rescued in one day in Mediterranean Sea . CNN's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that 1,852 women and children were rescued by the Italian coast guard, but the article states that 145 were rescued. The discrepancy is significant, and it suggests that the summary is not accurate.
2. The summary also states that 781 of the rescued migrants were from Eritrea, but the article does not mention this information. This suggests that the summary is not consistent with the article's content.
3. The article states that the Italian coast guard received SOS calls from 20 boats in distress, but the summary does not mention this. This suggests that the summary is not providing a complete picture of the situation.
4. The article states that there has been an increase in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy, but the summary does not mention this. This suggests that the summary is not providing context or background information about the situation.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and omits important information. It is not a reliable representation of the content of the article.

###Corrected:
