<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    A Pennsylvania man was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to him The girl told investigators that Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, according to Philly.com Authorities say Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, according to the Pottstown Mercury The girl told investigators that Rebbie would come into her 

    Article: 
    Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . A Pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl, now 15, and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom. Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy, the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office said. The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her Limerick Township home in March, according to prosecutors. She told investigators that Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep. She added that beginning when she was nine years old up until she was 13, Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, according to Philly.com. Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered. Rebbie uploaded the videos, some that included close-up images of children's genitalia, to his computer to view later, prosecutors said. The videos were captured over a three- or four-year time period, according to prosecutors. Rebbie admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered, according to the Pottstown Mercury. 'I think it's particularly horrific... and particularly for a young child when they think they're in the sanctity of their home, going through their teenage years, to be violated in the way that this young woman was violated it just goes beyond the boundaries of horrific. It's just unfathomable,'  Limerick Police Chief William Albany told the Mercury. The relationship between Rebbie and the girl's family is unknown. Rebbie's preliminary hearing is on May 1 and he is being held on a $500,000 bail. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

Step 1: The summary states that Rebbie would come into the girl's bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her.

However, the article states that the girl told investigators that Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, but it does not explicitly state that Rebbie molested her. Instead, it says that he filmed her and other victims with a hidden camera in a bathroom.

Step 2: The summary implies that Rebbie only filmed the girl, but the article states that he filmed several victims, including other juveniles.

Step 3: The summary states that Rebbie purchased the camera specifically to record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered.

However, the article does not explicitly state that Rebbie purchased the camera for this purpose. Instead, it says that he uploaded the videos, some of which included close-up images of children's genitalia, to his computer to view later.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it makes more explicit claims about Rebbie's actions and motivations that are not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Authorities say Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, according to the Pottstown Mercury but the article Pottstown Mercury only states that he had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered
2. The summary does not make any mention of Rebbie's preliminary hearing is on May 1 and he is being held on a $500,000 bail

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Authorities say Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her, according to the Pottstown Mercury, but in the article,  Pottstown Mercury only states that he had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered.
