<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    kevin pietersen set for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey on april 19 . the batsman has been axed as england 's managing director before the start of the county championship season . pietersen has been at the kia oval for the photo session on wednesday . 

    Article: 
    The dismissal of Paul Downton as England's managing director may be the big talking point in English cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season. However, you don't have to go to far before talk returns to the England team again as Kevin Pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign. Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the England set-up took a step closer. Kevin Pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for Surrey . The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season . As team-mates turn their attention to other matters, Pietersen looks ahead in deep thought . The batsman joked with photographers at the KIA Oval for the photo session, with Surrey set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19. Downton's sacking on Wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up having been controversially axed by the former managing director in 2014. It was during the last Ashes tour for England in Australia last year when Pietersen last featured at international level, in a disastrous trip which saw his side suffer a whitewash series defeat. With England hoping to regain the urn this summer on home soil, Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday. Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval . Using his camera, Pietersen turned the tables to take pictures of photographers . Team-mate Chris Tremlett flashes a smile as he and Pietersen share a joke during the event . Photographers gather round Pietersen to get close-up pictures of the batsman . Pietersen flashes a cheeky grin to the camera as he sat at the end of the front row for the team photo . Pietersen was all smiles as he joked with team-mates ahead of the new county championship season . Pietersen smiles as he sits alongside Chris Tremlett (second right), Stuart Meaker (centre), Jason Roy (second left) and Jade Dernbach . Pietersen walks out to the KIA Oval pitch with a tracksuit top on, closely followed by his Surrey team-mates . Pietersen  jokes with a photographer during the Surrey CCC photocall at The Kia Oval . Pietersen looks on from inside the KIA Oval as he hopes to work his way back into the England set-up with Surrey . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Kevin Pietersen was axed as England's managing director before the start of the county championship season. However, the article states that Paul Downton was axed as England's managing director, not Pietersen.
2. The summary states that Pietersen was at the KIA Oval for a photo session on Wednesday. The article does not mention a photo session on Wednesday.
3. The summary states that Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo. The article does not mention Pietersen looking in deep thought.
4. The summary states that Pietersen was in a jovial mood during the photo session. The article states that Pietersen joked with photographers during the event.
5. The summary states that Surrey will begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19. The article does not mention the date or the opponent for Surrey's first match.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and exaggerations. For example, Pietersen was not axed as England's managing director, and there is no mention of a photo session on Wednesday in the article. Additionally, the summary portrays Pietersen as being in a more serious mood than the article describes.

###Corrected:
1. The summary does not states that Kevin Pietersen was axed as England's managing director.
2. The summary does not states that Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the England set-up took a step closer.
