<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    Nabil Dirar believes Falcao would have been better off staying at Monaco 'The Premier League is not the best for Falcao. Falcao has to work harder. He's a player who needs to be more consistent. 

    Article: 
    Radamel Falcao's former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes the Colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to Manchester United even though he was not happy in France. The former Atletico Madrid striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan  last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make Falcao's transfer permanent but having only scored four goals all season Louis van Gaal's side are unlikely to take up that option. Radamel Falcao has struggled for Manchester United during his season-long loan . Falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . And Dirar has revealed that Falcao was not happy in France but thinks he would have been better off staying at Monaco. 'I think Falcao must be biting his fingers [ruing the fact] he's gone,' he told Le Parisien. 'Here, he would have played and participated in the Champions League. But he may need more atmosphere. 'In Monaco, he was not feeling well.' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Nabil Dirar believes Falcao would have been better off staying at Monaco, but the article does not mention Dirar saying this. Instead, Dirar is quoted as saying that Falcao may be regretting his move to Manchester United and that he would have played and participated in the Champions League if he had stayed at Monaco.
2. The summary implies that Falcao needs to work harder and be more consistent, but the article does not mention anything about Falcao needing to work harder or be more consistent. Instead, the article focuses on Falcao's struggles with injuries and his lack of success at Manchester United.
3. The summary states that Falcao has to work harder, but the article does not provide any evidence to support this claim. In fact, the article suggests that Falcao has struggled with injuries and has not been able to reach the heights he achieved before his knee injury.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not supported by the article and omits other important information that is included in the article.

###Corrected:
