<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    mesut ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . german star was in fine form as world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . midfielder , who was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 , missed arsenal 's last game against newcastle through illness . arsene wenger rubbished those claims . 

    Article: 
    Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in London following the international break, posting a picture putting his feet up with his dog. The German star was in fine form as the World Cup winners beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday, and is now setting his sights on the Premier League encounter with Liverpool at the weekend. And Ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime after taking a snap of him playing with his pet with the caption: 'Home Sweet Home'. Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog on Wednesday after returning home to London . Ozil impressed on international duty as Germany beat Gerogia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday . The midfielder, who was signed for £42.5million from Real Madrid in 2013, missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness, but will be expected to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium. Ozil was said to have been spotted in a Berlin nightclub after missing the Gunners' 2-1 win at St James' Park, though manager Arsene Wenger rubbished those claims. He has been doing the business on the pitch after returning from injury though,  wracking up four assists and scoring three goals since January. And the former Schalke man says he is finally adjusting to English football, claiming he fits in 'perfectly'. 'There are a lot of what we call 'English weeks' in Germany - where you play twice, and there's no winter break either,' he said. 'It's demanding because you don't have many breaks to recover, but as a footballer it's great to have so many games and I'm the sort of player who prefers playing in many matches - that's why I fit perfectly here.' The playmaker has been in fine form since returning from injury for Arsenal this year . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Mesut Ozil impressed on international duty as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. However, the article does not mention anything about Ozil playing for Germany or the specific match against Georgia.
2. The summary mentions that Ozil missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness, but the article does not mention anything about Ozil being ill or missing a game for Arsenal.
3. The summary states that Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub after missing the Gunners' 2-1 win at St James' Park, but the article does not mention anything about Ozil going to a nightclub or missing a game for Arsenal.
4. The summary mentions that Ozil has been doing well on the pitch for Arsenal since returning from injury, but the article does not mention anything about Ozil's performance for Arsenal.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, such as Ozil's performance for Germany and his alleged nightclub outing. Additionally, the summary omits information that is present in the article, such as Ozil's fitness and his recent performances for Arsenal.

###Corrected:
1. The article states that Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub after missing the Gunners' 2-1 win at St James' Park, but the summary does not mention this
2. The summary does not mention Mesut Ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in London following the international break while the article does mention Mesut Ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in London following the international break.
