<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a&e networks are remaking the series , to air in 2016 . the three networks will broadcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte . the `` roots '' is the epic episode of the african-american slave and his descendants . the series of `` original '' and `` contemporary '' will be the new version of the original version . 

    Article: 
    (CNN)One of the biggest TV events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences. "Roots," the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. Now A&E networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016. A&E, Lifetime and History (formerly the History Channel) announced Thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce the new miniseries. A press release describes the new version as "original" and "contemporary" and will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family." Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. "We are proud to bring this saga to fans of the original, as well as to a new generation that will experience this powerful and poignant tale for the first time," said Dirk Hoogstra, History's executive vice president and general manager. "Audiences will once again feel the impact of Kunta Kinte's indomitable spirit." Executive producer Mark Wolper, son of the original's producer David L. Wolper, added, "Kunta Kinte began telling his story over 200 years ago and that story went through his family lineage, to Alex Haley, to my father, and now the mantle rests with me. Like Kunta Kinte fought to tell his story over and over again, so must we." The remade "Roots" will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation's first African-American president and "12 Years a Slave" win the Oscar for Best Picture, but also widespread racial unrest over police treatment of black suspects in many U.S. cities. "My career began with 'Roots' and I am proud to be a part of this new adaptation," said Burton. "There is a huge audience of contemporary young Americans who do not know the story of 'Roots' or its importance." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the remake of "Roots" will air in 2016, but the article states that the remake will air "in 2016." The word "in" is a more precise word than "to," which implies a specific time frame.
2. The summary states that the three networks (A&E, Lifetime, and History) will broadcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, but the article states that the three networks will simulcast the remake. Simulcasting implies that the same program will be broadcast on all three networks at the same time, whereas broadcasting implies that each network will air the program separately.
3. The summary states that the new version of "Roots" will be "original" and "contemporary," but the article states that the new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel and will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. This implies that the new version will be more faithful to the original material and will have a stronger historical basis, whereas the summary implies that the new version will be entirely new and contemporary.
4. The summary states that LeVar Burton will co-executive produce the new miniseries, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that the remade "Roots" will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation's first African-American president and "12 Years a Slave" win the Oscar for Best Picture, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and exaggerations that do not accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the three networks (A&E, Lifetime, and History) will broadcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, but the article states that only A&E will broadcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte the other two Lifetime and History are not networks
2. The summary states that the new version of "Roots" will be "original" and "contemporary," but the article states that the new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel and will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. This implies that the new version will be more faithful to the original material and will have a stronger historical basis, whereas the summary implies that the new version will be entirely new and contemporary.
3. The article states that LeVar Burton will co-executive produce the new miniseries, but the summary does not mention this.
