<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    Stokes is a fiery character but he has to be managed The England team is going through a big change with the arrival of Peter Moores and the need for a new-look set-up. Moores wants a team that is more dynamic and is more adventurous but his first order of business is to get the best out of Stokes. The problem with Stokes is he is a natural player. 

    Article: 
    There would have been no mercy in the dressing room. Nothing is sacred in the team. When Ben Stokes first turned up at the Kensington Oval this week someone would have said: ‘Mind that locker, Stokesey.’ It was here, of course, that Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the England team. Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team . Stokes (left) clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England . But Stokes (right) responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores . Only a slight niggle in his back might stop Stokes playing here in Barbados and I am glad he has fought his way back after what has been a year of ups and downs. I like Stokes and I like his character at a time when the game can be perceived as producing robots and players who cannot capture the imagination. He has something about him, as he showed when he was in Mitchell Johnson’s face during the Ashes series. He was not worried about the bombardment he would get in return. But I do believe he will need careful man-managing. Peter Moores, England’s coach, dragged him to one side after his clash with Marlon Samuels in the second Test and had a long chat with him and if it was to talk about how he should respond then the advice he gave was clearly right. The way he approached the Jamaican after that third-day salute was spot on. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. It will not always come off but we have to accept that there will be lows as well as highs with this lad. What Stokes must not do is try to live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed. He can be feisty and fiery as long as it’s natural but his aggression has to be controlled. You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets. Stokes (second left) can use his aggression to bring runs and wickets to the England team . Stokes (left) congratulates England captain Alastair Cook after the side won the second Test . England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential . Let him go a bit but rein him in occasionally. There is an argument here to play the second spinner in Adil Rashid and if England went down that route in Bridgetown the place of Stokes or Chris Jordan would come into question but they clearly want both to play as much as possible. This summer there will rarely be the need for two spinners so England want these two exciting cricketers to grow into the international game. They can only get better and that’s an exciting prospect. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Stokes is a natural player, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article highlights Stokes' feisty and fiery nature, which suggests that he is not a natural player.
2. The summary mentions that Moores wants to get the best out of Stokes, but the article does not mention this as a specific goal for Moores. Instead, the article focuses on the need for Stokes to channel his aggression in the right way and for England to carefully manage him.
3. The summary states that Stokes has to be managed, but the article does not use this language. Instead, the article suggests that England needs to carefully manage Stokes' aggression and natural exuberance.
4. The summary implies that Stokes is a key player for England, but the article does not emphasize this. Instead, the article focuses on the need for Stokes to control his aggression and for England to carefully manage him.

Overall, the summary presents a more positive view of Stokes and his role in the England team, while the article presents a more nuanced view of his abilities and the challenges he faces.

###Corrected:
1. The article implies that Stokes is a key player for England, but the summary does not emphasize this. 
2. The summary does not mention that Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the England team.
3. The summary states that Stokes is a natural player, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article highlights Stokes' feisty and fiery nature, which suggests that he is not a natural player.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Stokes is a natural player, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article highlights Stokes' feisty and fiery nature.

