<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme from the '90s tv sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' . the original song was bought our first house and started to build their original trailer . melissa meek said the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive . jesse and melissa meek announced the new version of the popular nbc sitcom . 

    Article: 
    An Oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme  from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. 'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip. Parents: Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia, where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother's insistence, moved to his aunt and uncle's home in their wealthy Los Angeles neighborhood. In the Meeks' parody video, Melissa raps, 'When our family and friends, who were up to no good, started asking questions about parenthood. 'We told one little lie, said "It's not time yet." Parents said "We're ready for grandkids, get a move on it!"' Jesse raps that the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive. Melissa says in the video 'I woke up in the morning about 7 or 8 and I thought to myself, "Oh man, I'm late!" Looked at the test and it was finally there. The little plus sign. We're now three. Not a pair.' At the end of the video, the Meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child. It took five takes to film the clip, the couple told KPTV. After finding out the gender of the child, another video is a possibility for the Meeks, the couple told the Fox affiliate. Original: Will Smith is seen here rapping the theme for 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' during the show's title sequence . Big reveal: At the end of the clip, the Meeks share a sonogram of their unborn child . According to KPTV, the video was made so loved ones living far away could know about the baby. Melissa told the Fox affliate of the video's success 'It was completely unexpected. Like, that was the last thing we thought would happen, that it would blow up to what it had, or what it has.' Jesse told the Oregonian 'It has been a lot of fun, but definitely way more than we ever expected.' He is the great-great-grandson of Oregon pioneer Joseph Lafayette Meek, the newspaper reported. The Oregonian reported that Melissa earlier made a video which captured Jesse's reaction when he found out about the pregnancy. Jesse learned the news after reading a tag Melissa placed on their dog, which indicated a baby was on the way. A Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, couple made a pregnancy announcement video using 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' theme song last year and recreated the show's title sequence, People reported. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the couple announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme from 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,' but the article does not mention anything about a video.
2. The summary mentions that the couple thought it would take longer than the two months they spent trying to conceive, but the article does not mention this.
3. The summary states that the couple announced the new version of the popular NBC sitcom, but the article does not mention anything about a new version of the show.
4. The summary mentions that the couple made a video so loved ones living far away could know about the baby, but the article does not mention this.
5. The summary states that the video was made to announce the pregnancy, but the article does not mention anything about the video being a pregnancy announcement.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, and omits information that is present in the article. It appears that the summary was created based on a different source or understanding of the information.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the couple announced the new version of the popular NBC sitcom, but the article does not mention anything about a new version of the show.
2. The article mentions that the couple made a video so loved ones living far away could know about the baby, but the summary does not mention this.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the couple announced the new version of the popular NBC sitcom, but the article does not mention anything about a new version of the show.
