<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market. Scroll down for video . Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition . He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty, but as he tells her that she makes him a better man, audiences can have little doubt about his feelings. What is rather less convincing, however, is the timeline of the pregnancy. With the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy, it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson, talks about being eight months pregnant. Just minutes after – once again without any nod to the passing of time – she is giving birth, with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye. With the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy, it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson, talks about being eight months pregnant . As Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with Poldark – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market . Their fast relationship didn't go unnoticed by fans. One posted on Twitter: ‘If you are pregnant in Poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes’ It is reminiscent of the show’s previous pregnancy that saw Elizabeth, another contender for Ross’s affection, go to full term in the gap between two episodes. This didn’t go unnoticed by fans, who posted on Twitter: ‘Poldark is rather good, would watch the next one now. Though if you are pregnant in Poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes.’
</Article>

<Summary>
fans will see aidan turner 's new baby daughter as sunday night 's episode . last week , demelza poldark is now the mother to the show 's tv episode . demelza poldark has been eight months pregnant .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Demelza Poldark is now the mother to the show's latest addition, and that fans will see Aidan Turner's new baby daughter in Sunday night's episode. This is not consistent with the article, as the article states that Demelza is pregnant, but does not mention a new baby daughter.
2. The summary also states that Demelza has been eight months pregnant. This is not consistent with the article, as the article states that the climax of the previous episode was the announcement of the pregnancy, and that the next episode will show Demelza giving birth, with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye.
3. The summary does not mention the timeline of the pregnancy, which is a significant inconsistency with the article, as the article states that the pregnancy has progressed rapidly, with the last month passing in less than the blink of an eye.
4. The summary does not mention the fact that the pregnancy was announced in the previous episode, and that the next episode will show Demelza giving birth. This is a significant omission, as it is a key plot point in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it does not accurately convey the information about Demelza's pregnancy and the timeline of the pregnancy. The summary also omits key plot points from the article, such as the announcement of the pregnancy and the rapid progression of the pregnancy.

###Corrected:
1. The summary does not mention the timeline of the pregnancy, which is a significant inconsistency with the article, as the article states that the pregnancy has progressed rapidly, with the last month passing in less than the blink of an eye.
2. The summary does not mention the fact that the pregnancy was announced in the previous episode, and that the next episode will show Demelza giving birth. This is a significant omission, as it is a key plot point in the article.
