<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A southern Iowa chiropractor accused of accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on patients has surrendered his state license. The Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni. Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. Patient satisfaction: A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Nonetheless, he's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com . The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state. Those circumstances included bartering sex for services with some patients. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them. A woman who answered a call to Manuel's home from the Des Moines Register declined to comment on the case. A woman at his former practice said he hadn't worked there for some time. A Lamoni address listed on the Yelp page for Manuel's practice appears to be a home on a residential street. While Maneul has received just three patient survey responses on HealthGrades.com, those responses were quite positive. The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction. Strange practice: Charles Manuel, who admitted wrongdoing to the Iowa Board of Chiropractic, listed his practice's addresses on this residential street in the small agricultural town of Lamoni in southern Iowa .
</Article>

<Summary>
A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Nonetheless, he's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com. Read more at the Des Moines Register.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the chiropractor has received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com, but the article states that he has received only three patient survey responses, and all of them were positive with a perfect five out of five stars. This indicates that the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that the chiropractor has received more patient survey responses than he actually has.
2. The summary mentions that the chiropractor has surrendered his license to practice, but the article states that he signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. This suggests that the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not mention the agreement or the fact that the chiropractor will not be able to practice for at least 10 years.
3. The summary states that the chiropractor performed exorcisms on some patients, but the article does not mention this. This indicates that the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not supported by the article and implies that the chiropractor has received more patient survey responses than he actually has.

###Corrected:
