<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . u.s. rc-135u was flying over baltic sea when it was intercepted by russian su-27 flanker . u.s. command says the transponder was off was false . the u.s. crew believed the pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers '' 

    Article: 
    (CNN)After a Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner" earlier this week, the United States is complaining to Moscow about the incident. On Tuesday, a U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland. The U.S. crew believed the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed," Pentagon spokesman Mark Wright said. Russian state news agency Sputnik reported the U.S. plane was flying toward the Russian border with its transponder switched off, according to a Defense Ministry spokesman. Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number. An official with the U.S. European Command said the claim that the transponder was off was false. Wright said the Pentagon and State Department will "file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels" with Russia. This is not the first time the U.S. has complained about an incident involving a RC-135U and a SU-27.  A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC-135U over the Sea of Okhotsk in the western Pacific, according to U.S. officials who called it "one of the most dangerous close passes in decades." The Pentagon complained to the Russia military about that incident. Russian and U.S. aircraft often encounter each other, both in Northern Europe as well as the area between the Russian Far East and Alaska. CNN's Steve Brusk and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the U.S. crew believed the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed." However, the article does not mention any aggressive maneuvers by the Russian pilot. In fact, the article states that the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number.
2. The summary claims that the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional," but the article does not provide any information to support this statement. The article only states that the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number, which is a standard procedure for identifying unknown aircraft.
3. The summary states that the U.S. plane was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by the Russian SU-27, but the article does not mention the Baltic Sea. The article only states that the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
4. The summary claims that the U.S. plane had its transponder switched off, but the article does not mention this. In fact, an official with the U.S. European Command is quoted as saying that the claim that the transponder was off was false.

Overall, the summary contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations that are not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
