<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley . roberto martinez has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . the roberto martinez says barkley is in his rights to request penalty-taking . 

    Article: 
    Everton manager Roberto Martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after Ross Barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against Burnley at Goodison Park. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon – rather than Leighton Baines, who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League. Although there was no dispute between the team-mates this time, it brought back memories of Everton's match against West Brom in January when Kevin Mirallas grabbed the ball from Baines to take a penalty - and missed. Ross Barkley steps up to take a 10th minute penalty despite the presence of Leighton Baines on the pitch . Barkley's effort is saved by Burnley goalkeeper Tom Heaton at Goodison Park . Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on Saturday. 'If Romelu Lukaku had been on the pitch, he would have taken it. Otherwise, I am happy to have three or four players who can take penalties and let it depend on how they feel at that moment,' argued the Everton manager. Baines (left) has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League . 'Ross showed incredible responsibility to take it. I love seeing players take control of the big moments and Leighton was happy to given him that responsibility.' Barkley's penalty was well-struck but wasn't put in the corner and Burnley goalkeeper Tom Heaton dived to his right to save. Fortunately for the young England player, it didn't prove costly as Mirallas went on to score the only goal of the game after 29 minutes. Everton boss Roberto Martinez issues instructions to his players during a break in play against Burnley . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Roberto Martinez has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League, but the article states that Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts, not Roberto Martinez.
2. The summary states that Ross Barkley took the penalty against Burnley, but the article states that Barkley missed the penalty and Leighton Baines was available to take it.
3. The summary states that Martinez said Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties, but the article states that Martinez said he would have let Baines take the penalty if he had been on the pitch.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies about the players' actions and Martinez's comments.

###Corrected:
