<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. 'Just been watching the game, did you miss the coach? #RubberDub #7minutes,' Merson put on Twitter. Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody.' Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham as they drew 0-0 against Burnley . Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . The former Arsenal man was proven wrong when Townsend hit a stunning equaliser for England against Italy and he duly admitted his mistake. 'It's not as though I was watching hoping he wouldn't score for England, I'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal,' Merson said. 'It's just a matter of opinion, and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at Manchester United in front of Roy Hodgson, so he shouldn't have been in the squad. 'When I'm wrong, I hold my hands up. I don't have a problem with doing that - I'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong.' Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy . Sky Sports pundit  Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week . Townsend hit back at Merson after netting for England in Turin on Wednesday, saying 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?' Any bad feeling between the pair seemed to have passed but Merson was unable to resist having another dig at Townsend after Tottenham drew at Turf Moor.
</Article>

<Summary>
Andros Townsend scored for England against Italy on Wednesday . Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad . Merson said Townsend should not have been in Roy Hodgson's squad . Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England . 
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Paul Merson criticized Andros Townsend's call-up to the England squad, saying that he should not have been in Roy Hodgson's squad.
2. However, the article states that Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that "if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody." This implies that Merson was not against Townsend's call-up to the squad, but rather was making a point about the team's selection criteria.
3. The summary also states that Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England, but the article does not mention this. In fact, the article states that any bad feeling between the pair seemed to have passed, and Merson was unable to resist having another dig at Townsend after Tottenham drew at Turf Moor.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it omits important details and misrepresents Merson's and Townsend's interactions. Specifically, the summary makes it seem like Merson was against Townsend's call-up to the squad, when in fact he was simply making a point about the team's selection criteria. Additionally, the summary states that Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter, but this is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary does not mention Merson admitting his mistakes against Townsend while the article does.
2. The summary fails to mention that Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that "if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody."

###Comment:
Revision Needed
