<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare. Graduate Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. Mr Phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December – but didn’t have enough cash to pay for it. An inquest heard he ran from the driver, who gave chase at the seaside town of Penarth, South Wales. Cabbie Dave Sidaway told the inquest: ‘I stopped because I couldn’t see where I was going. I had no idea how much danger he was in.’ Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff . The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. Cardiff Coroner’s Court heard how the trio got out of the taxi to ‘use an ATM’ before making a run for it. ‘The plan was to go to Penarth but we did not have enough money for the taxi – I ran off in one direction, Jacob went in another direction,’ Mr Robinson told the inquest. ‘Running away from the taxi was a stupid thing to do.’ Mr Phillips, of Reading, Berks, was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker. Paramedics arrived at the scene after his body was discovered in the morning by a dog walker . A long way down: Mr Phillips fell down this cliff after a night out.  Tthe taxi driver said he would not have left him if he knew where they were . Recording a verdict of accidental death, coroner Andrew Barkley said: ‘It is likely that he became disorientated and there is no evidence that he knew where he was at the time. ‘There is no way he could have known the danger that lay in front of him. The following day with the benefit of light it was clear the danger he faced by the sheer drop off the cliff just yards beyond the fence.’ Mr Phillips worked for Pretty Green, the clothing label run by Oasis star Liam Gallagher. He had grown up in Barry, South Wales, before studying accountancy at the University of Birmingham. The inquest heard that he had returned to Wales for Christmas and had been staying with his mother in the upmarket Cowbridge area. Mr Phillips had planned to stay at a friend’s house but he and his friends didn’t have enough money to complete the journey, so decided to trick the driver by ‘dodging’ the fare. Mr Phillips ran off into the ‘pitch black’ and fell down a cliff at the end of the disused Northern Promenade – also called The Dardanelles. Police search the scene at the bottom of the cliff where his body was discovered .
</Article>

<Summary>
jacob phillips, 23, fell down the cliff at the end of the disused northern promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff . he had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson . mr phillips, of reading, berks, was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

Based on the provided article and summary, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. Here's why:

1. The summary states that Jacob Phillips fell down the cliff after being out drinking in Cardiff, but the article does not mention anything about Jacob and his friends going out drinking in Cardiff. Instead, the article states that they went out drinking in Penarth.
2. The summary mentions that Jacob and his friends "decided to trick the driver by dodging the fare," but the article does not mention anything about them trying to trick the driver. Instead, the article states that Jacob ran away from the taxi driver after he realized he didn't have enough money to pay the fare.
3. The summary states that Jacob was discovered by a dog walker the next day, but the article states that he was discovered by a dog walker the morning after he fell.

These inconsistencies suggest that the summary is not an accurate representation of the article. It appears to be a summary of a different story or event, or it may have been written based on incomplete or inaccurate information.

###Corrected:
1. The summary does not mention Mr Phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December – but didn’t have enough cash to pay for it but the article does.
2. The summary does not mention that Graduate Jacob Phillips fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare but the article does.
