<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month . the jamaica athletics administrative association has confirmed he will be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays . bolt insists he does ` his best to make his country proud ' the competition will be announced on may 2 and 3 . 

    Article: 
    Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas next month, the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association has announced. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team. 'I'm happy to be part of the Jamaican team for the IAAF / BTC World Relays in the Bahamas. I am fit, healthy and ready to run,' said Bolt. Usain Bolt has confirmed he will be part of Jamaica's team at the World Relays in the Bahamas . Bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at the London Olympic Games in 2012 . 'I hear the meet was a lot of fun last year and there was a great atmosphere. Jamaica has a long and successful tradition in relays and when we put on the national colours we always do our best to make the country proud,' he added. JAAA General Secretary Garth Gayle commented, 'We were extremely pleased that Usain was available for selection and that the world's fastest man will be running for Jamaica. We can expect some sprint magic on the track in the Bahamas on 2nd and 3rd May.' The full Jamaican team list for the competition will be announced shortly. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours . 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

Step 1: The summary states that Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas next month, but the article does not mention the word "next month."

Step 2: The summary states that the competition will be announced on May 2 and 3, but the article does not mention any specific dates for the announcement or the competition.

Step 3: The summary quotes Bolt as saying "I'm happy to be part of the Jamaican team for the IAAF / BTC World Relays in the Bahamas," but the article does not include this quote.

Step 4: The summary states that Bolt insists he always does "his best to make his country proud" while wearing Jamaica colors, but the article does not include this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, and omits information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
