<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
A former student is suing his Utah school district for hiring and failing to fire a 'flirtatious' English teacher before he allegedly went on to have a sexual relationship with her. The student is suing the Davis County School District for $674,000 for emotional damage he says he suffered as a result of the affair, which happened when he was 17, the Salt Lake Tribune reported. His former teacher, 35-year-old Brianne Altice, has been charged with 14 felonies - including rape, sodomy and sex abuse - for allegedly having sexual relationships with three different students. She allegedly had sex with the third student while she was out on  bail for charges relating to the first two students. Her bail was then revoked and she remains behind bars. Not happy: A student who says he had sex with his teacher, Brianne Altice, is now suing the school district. Altice is pictured in court last month after her motion to drop one of the charges against her was denied . The student who has brought the lawsuit accused the district of being negligent when it hired Altice and says it is responsible for the damage she inflicted on him. He claims they started a relationship in early 2013 after they flirted during class and texted and ultimately started kissing and having sex. He claims that the school district had reprimanded Altice after seeing photos of her having inappropriate contact with students but she was not fired, the Tribune reported. School district spokesman Chris Williams said he was unaware of the lawsuit. Despite the claims against her, one of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against Altice are 'ridiculous' and 'she doesn't deserve to be here'. Locked up: Altice, pictured in court in January, had her bond revoked earlier this year after it emerged she allegedly had sex with a third student while out on bail for having sex with two other students . In trouble: Altice, pictured at a hearing in February 2014, allegedly had sex with the boys from early 2013 . He told the court he had sex with Altice once prior to October 2013 - when she was initially arrested - and then three more times after that in December, while she was out on bail. In August 2014, a second student came forward to say he had also had a physical relationship with the former Davis High English teacher, whose marriage fell apart in the aftermath of the scandal. Altice's attorney has said his client denies any romantic involvement with the three students. 'It is her defense that they did not happen at all,' he wrote in a motion. 'That she never engaged in any inappropriate contact with either of her students.' But prosecutors said the teacher acknowledged to investigators that she had engaged in sex with a 16-year-old boy on two occasions. The teen was allegedly able to accurately describe the layout of Altice's home to detectives as well as tattoos on her body. One of her victims has accused the school district of failing to fire the English teacher, left, even though it knew she had acted inappropriately with students. She was first taken into custody in 2013 . Brass asked the judge to not allow those statements at her trial, arguing that she was intimidated by the eight to 10 male officers who came to her home in October 2013 to interview her. Brass argued that the officers would not let her care for children, call an attorney or use the restroom for nearly four hours as they questioned her. 'Her statements were coerced and involuntary and were taken in violation of her so-called Miranda rights,' Brass wrote in court papers. 'The evidence she provided was the product of that tainted statement.' Last month, she requested to drop one of the charges, claiming she had not been in a position of authority when she was accused of having sex with one of the boys. But a judge denied the motion. No trial dates have yet been set but she faces up to life in prison if convicted.
</Article>

<Claim>
his former teacher, brianne altice, has been charged with rape, sodomy and sex abuse. he is suing the davis county school district for $ 674,000 for emotional damage. she was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students. her bail was then revoked and she remains behind bars. a student who says he had sex with his teacher brianne altice.
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Brianne Altice has been charged with 14 felonies, including rape, sodomy, and sex abuse.
2. The student is suing the Davis County School District for $674,000 for emotional damage.
3. Altice was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students, but her bail was revoked after it was discovered that she had allegedly had sex with a third student while out on bail.
4. The student who is suing the school district claims that he had a sexual relationship with Altice, starting in early 2013.

All of these statements can be found in the article provided.

###Corrected:
