<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Ander Herrera says Lionel Messi was so good  against Manchester City, it almost made him cry. Messi was mesmerising in last week's Champions League last 16 tie at the Nou Camp, and the Manchester United midfielder says watching the world's best player at the top of his game made him emotional. Herrera also revealed that captain Wayne Rooney is the joker inside United's dressing room, but admitted that he has to keep the conversation away from boxing, for fears Rooney might hit him. Ander Herrera, one of Manchester United's star players on Sunday, tackles Liverpool's Adam Lallana . Herrera says watching Lionel Messi against Manchester City almost made him cry with joy . The Manchester United midfielder says he needed time to adapt to life at United, because he is 'earthly' 'The last time I cried?' he said, when asked in an interview with Spanish paper El Pais. 'I almost cried watching Messi against Man City. He's so good! But anyway, I get emotional very easily. But hey, I get excited easily and not only with the major teams. I'm a classic man and I was delighted when we played vs Yeovil Town in front of 8,000 standing people yelling at me: "Who are you?" 'There's only one Messi and one Ronaldo, where the club must adapt to them. The rest of players are earthly so I must adapt to United.' Herrera also made reference in the interview to the recent scandal involving United captain Rooney, who was videoed boxing in his house with former team-mate Phil Bardsley. Herrera was asked about the sense of humour in the dressing room, and said it is better with Spanish players . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney insults the Spaniards in their own language, according to Herrera . 'The jokes here are different,' said Herrera. 'Rooney is outgoing and insults us in Spanish. I'd rather talk to him about football because he likes boxing and could try it with me.' However, he was also clear that respect for Rooney is high, insisting that 'I just listen to Rooney and Carrick before games'. 'There is a lot of respect for Rooney and Carrick,who spent many years here, because you see that it is very difficult to do. 'But David De Gea says the dressing room used to be more hierarchic with Rio Ferdinand, Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs.' Herrera says Michael Carrick is one of the main leaders in the Manchester United dressing room . The Manchester United star, who played a beautiful pass to Juan Mata for his side's first goal on Sunday at Anfield, also praised English football for the patience of its fans, and the high standard of refereeing. 'The Premier League is the best place to succeed because people are patient. In Spain there's more stir around you from press or fans. 'There's a lot of respect for referees in England. Now I thank (former Athletic Bilbao manager Marcelo) Bielsa for telling me referees are a helpful instrument for football.' Herrera, who scored against Yeovil in the FA Cup, compared the game to Barcelona's Champions League tie .
</Article>

<Claim>
ander herrera says lionel messi was so good against city. messi was mesmerising in last week's champions league last 16. herrera believes messi against manchester city almost made him cry with joy. herrera also revealed that rooney is the joker inside the united's dressing room. ander herrera, ander herrera and ander herrera are also interested.
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Ander Herrera said Lionel Messi was "so good" against Manchester City, and that it almost made him cry with joy.

2. The article quotes Herrera as saying: "Watching Messi against Man City almost made me cry. He's so good!"

3. The claim that Messi was "mesmerising" in the Champions League last 16 tie at the Nou Camp is also mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
