<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
This is the terrifying moment a bus driver rams into a stream of traffic as he falls asleep behind the wheel. CCTV footage shows the 65-year-old motorist, who has not been named, slowly drifting off while he navigates a road in Oakland County, Michigan. After stirring he suddenly slams on the brakes, but it proves too late and he collides with a car in front. The driver's side of the windscreen immediately shatters and falls through. In a bid to avoid further damage, the driver is seen steering the bus into the hard shoulder. A loud scraping noise can be heard as the vehicle drags a trail of debris along. A number of other vehicles are bumped and scratched as the bus goes by. After the driver manages to stop, a woman who was sat in the middle of the coach, exits out of the front door. There were apparently no other passengers on board. Caught on camera: This is the terrifying moment a bus driver rams into a stream of traffic as he falls asleep behind the wheel . Cruise control: CCTV footage shows the 65-year-old motorist, who has not been named, slowly drifting off while he navigates a road in Oakland County, Michigan . Safety glass: After stirring he suddenly slams on the brakes, but it proves too late and he collides with a car in front - The driver's side of the windscreen immediately shatters and falls through . Trail of destruction: A number of other vehicles are bumped and scratched as the bus goes by . Authorities quizzed the driver about the incident on the spot. He plainly stated that he dozed off and tried to brake. While no one on the bus was hurt, two motorists were reportedly taken to hospital non-life-threatening injuries. The accident took place on October 21 2014 around 6pm but police have only just released details around the event. The driver, who had been employed by the Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation (SMART) for more than a decade, tested negative for alcohol. According to Local 4 News, he is expected to appear in court on Wednesday. Lucky escape: After the driver manages to stop, a woman who was sat in the middle of the coach (seen above), exits out of the front door . Longtime employee: The driver, who had been employed by the Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation (SMART) for more than a decade, tested negative for alcohol . Facing penalty: According to Local 4 News, he is expected to appear in court on Wednesday .
</Article>

<Claim>
cctv footage shows 65-year-old motorist, who has not been named, slowly drifting off. he suddenly slams on the brakes but he collides with a car in front. driver's side of windscreen immediately shatters and falls through. driver is seen steering the bus into the hard shoulder.
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that the driver "slowly drifted off" and "suddenly slammed on the brakes," which supports the claim that the driver fell asleep and collided with another car.
2. The claim states that the driver's side of the windscreen shattered and fell through, which is supported by the article's statement that "the driver's side of the windscreen immediately shatters and falls through."
3. The article states that the driver steered the bus into the hard shoulder, which supports the claim that the driver tried to avoid further damage.

Therefore, the sentences in the article that express the claim are:

1. "slowly drifted off"
2. "suddenly slammed on the brakes"
3. "driver's side of the windscreen immediately shatters and falls through"
4. "steered the bus into the hard shoulder"

###Corrected:
