<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the site of a former power station in the solent is set to be turned into a former oil chimney site. 

    Article: 
    It would make the disused Fawley power station chimney the tallest such attraction south of London's Shard.
Developers Fawley Waterside said it would be the centrepiece of a "merchant city" development.
The power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation.
Architects plans show a petal-shaped glass structure at the centre of a £1bn development featuring a marina, housing and restaurants.
It also includes fast ferry links to Southampton and Portsmouth.
With an application for outline planning permission due later this year, building could start in 2018.
The oil-fired Fawley Power Station, on the western side of Southampton Water, was commissioned in 1971 and was capable of powering one million homes.
The 300-acre site was sold to Fawley Waterside developers in 2016.
Aldred Drummond of the company said: "We'd be mad to knock the chimney down - its our signature piece of infrastructure.
"If you think of the money spent building the i360 in Brighton, or the Spinnaker Tower in Portsmouth, this building is already there so with relatively little investment we can do something very spectacular."
1971
Commissioned on the western shore of Southampton Water
2,000 megawatt oil-fired power station fuelled by nearby Esso refinery
198 metre-high chimney dominates the Solent sykline
1,100  miles of cable were laid within the power station
One million homes were powered by Fawley 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the site of a former power station in the Solent is set to be turned into a former oil chimney site. However, the article does not mention anything about the site being turned into a former oil chimney site. Instead, the article discusses plans to turn the site into a "merchant city" development with a glass structure, marina, housing, and restaurants.
2. The summary mentions that the power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation, but the article states that the power station was commissioned in 1971 and was capable of powering one million homes. This suggests that the power station has been in operation for a much longer time than the summary states.
3. The summary does not provide any information about the plans for the site, other than the fact that it is set to be turned into a former oil chimney site. However, the article provides detailed information about the plans for the site, including the fact that the developers plan to build a glass structure at the center of the development, as well as plans for a marina, housing, and restaurants.
4. The summary does not mention anything about the site being sold to developers in 2016, as the article states.

Therefore, based on these differences, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary provides incomplete and inaccurate information about the plans for the site, and does not accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the site of a former power station in the Solent is set to be turned into a former oil chimney site. However, the article does not mention anything about the site being turned into a former oil chimney site. Instead, the article discusses plans to turn the site into a "merchant city" development with a glass structure, marina, housing, and restaurants.
