<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a woman who lost her hair at the age of five has told newsbeat that she\'s going to go head-to-head. 

    Article: 
    Svetlana Kuznetsova will hope not, after she hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match at the WTA Finals in Singapore on Monday.
"I thought, 'what's more important? My hair, which can grow, or the match?'" said the Russian world number nine, complaining that it was affecting her game in a three-set win over Agnieszka Radwanska.
Unfortunately, many a sports star has failed to embrace this philosophy of substance over style.
With the help of Sportsday readers, BBC Sport looks at some of the worst sporting hairstyles.
Former basketball star Dennis Rodman had a series of 'unconventional' styles - this was just one of them. He also adopted the bleached blonde look long before Aaron Ramsey, Messi and Neymar re-ignited the craze.
Rodman looks like he has just caught sight of himself on the big screen and is seriously questioning his life choices - as is the dude behind.
Giovanni Simeone, son of Diego, was seen sporting this quirky style when playing for Argentine side River Plate.
Yep, that's 'early noughties Joe Cole' when he tried to make it trendy to shave your initial into your head and dye it red.
Younger readers may be wondering if it caught on. It didn't.
Former Arsenal forward Gervinho revealed he had a hairline higher than his outrageous salary when he uncovered his forehead behind a pair of braided curtains.
It was the elastic headband that really caused a stir - it looked painful!
Striker Ronaldo decided this would be a good idea for the 2002 World Cup - Brazil went on to win it.
Yes, the pinnacle of your career and you have that haircut, shown on the front page of newspapers round the world.
Sorry Ronaldo. Brilliant footballer. Awful haircut. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can help you with that! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

Step 1: Identify the main idea of the summary
The main idea of the summary is that a woman lost her hair at the age of five and is going to go head-to-head.

Step 2: Identify the main idea of the article
The main idea of the article is that some sports stars have had bad hairstyles, and it features examples of these hairstyles, including Svetlana Kuznetsova's mid-match haircut.

Step 3: Identify the inconsistency
The inconsistency is that there is no mention of a woman losing her hair at the age of five in the article. The article only talks about sports stars and their hairstyles.

Step 4: Explain the inconsistency
The inconsistency is that the summary mentions a woman losing her hair at the age of five, but the article does not mention anything about that. The article only talks about sports stars and their hairstyles.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions something that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that a woman lost her hair at the age of five and is going to go head-to-head. However, the article talks about sports stars and their hairstyles. There is no mention of a woman losing her hair at the age of five in the article.
