<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    plans to close a library in truro town centre and move to publicise local street view have been scrapped. 

    Article: 
    Plans include relocating the town's Central Library and cutting back on the Citizens Advice Bureau.
The council will also work with traders to find a private buyer for the town's Victorian indoor market.
The Labour-run authority said it was implementing the cuts "with a heavy heart" and blamed "severe austerity cuts imposed by central government".
Councillor Bill Dixon, leader of the authority, said that tough choices had been made, but local people had been able to comment during a public consultation.
"There were other cuts that people didn't want us to make," he said.
"Withdrawing school patrol crossings for example - some authorities have done that, this authority decided not to."
Responding to protesters opposed to the relocation of the Crown Street Library to the Dolphin Centre, he said:  "I was born and bred in the town.
"I do understand the attachment to Crown Street Library, but we should emphasise we are not closing the library but moving it." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
    1. The summary states that plans to close a library in Truro town centre and move it to publicise local street view have been scrapped.

2. The article does not mention anything about plans to move the library to a public street view. Instead, it mentions that plans include relocating the town's Central Library.

3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions a plan that is not present in the article.

4. The article does mention that the council is implementing cuts, including relocating the Central Library and cutting back on the Citizens Advice Bureau. However, the summary does not mention these cuts.

5. Therefore, the summary is not only inconsistent with the article but also does not provide a complete picture of the council's plans.

6. The article does mention that the council is responding to protesters opposed to the relocation of the Crown Street Library to the Dolphin Centre. However, this information is not present in the summary.

7. Therefore, the summary is not only inconsistent with the article but also does not provide a complete picture of the council's response to protesters.

In conclusion, the summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions a plan that is not present in the article, does not provide a complete picture of the council's plans and does not include information about the council's response to protesters.

###Corrected:
