<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a pro-independence blogger has been arrested in connection with an alleged tweet posted on twitter. 

    Article: 
    Stuart Campbell was arrested in the west of England on Friday following a complaint from a woman in south London.
She had made allegations of harassment taking place over a two-year period.
Mr Campbell, who was released on bail, said it concerned some tweets and insisted they were not threatening.  He accused the media of "innuendo" designed to encourage "speculations".
The blogger, a former computer games reviewer who was born in Stirling but lives in Bath, has been a vocal campaigner for Scottish independence and launched the Wings Over Scotland blog in 2011.
On Friday he tweeted that he would be posting less frequently than usual because of "reasons totally outwith my control (don't ask)".
End of Twitter post  by @WingsScotland
A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: "Police are investigating an allegation of online harassment.
"The allegation was made after a woman, aged in her 30s, attended a south London police station. The harassment is said to have taken place over the past two years."
Mr Campbell has been bailed, pending further inquiries, to a date in mid-September.
In a statement on the Wings Over Scotland website, Mr Campbell responded to a report of his arrest which appeared in The Herald newspaper.
He said that piece "has been written for maximum innuendo to allow the wildest speculations on social media - which are of course duly taking place - but the alleged events relate entirely to some tweets from our Twitter account, none of which have been deleted and all of which are still publicly visible.
"Nothing more sinister or serious than some tweets has occurred or been alleged to have occurred. None of the tweets involved are in ANY way threatening, not even in a joking sense. That's all we'll be saying on the subject at this time." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the blogger was arrested in connection with an alleged tweet, but the article does not mention anything about a tweet. Instead, the article states that the blogger was arrested in connection with an allegation of online harassment, which is a different thing entirely.
2. The summary implies that the blogger was arrested because of something they tweeted, but the article does not support this. The article only mentions that the blogger was arrested following an allegation of online harassment, and does not provide any information about the content of the alleged tweets.
3. The summary states that the blogger has been bailed, but the article does not mention this. The article only states that the blogger has been released on bail, pending further inquiries.
4. The summary quotes the blogger as saying that the alleged events relate entirely to some tweets from their Twitter account, but the article does not include this quote. Instead, the article quotes the blogger as saying that the alleged events relate entirely to some tweets from their Twitter account, but does not provide any information about the content of the tweets.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that the blogger was arrested because of something they tweeted, when the article does not support this. Additionally, the summary includes quotes from the blogger that are not included in the article.

###Corrected:
