<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    all images are copyrighted. 

    Article: 
    Visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information from items such as signs and posters on the site.
Videos and band interviews will be among the online material available to view on phones and tablets.
HebCelt is is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July.
The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan, Skerryvore, Peatbog Faeries and Dougie MacLean are among this year's acts.
HebCelt director Caroline Maclennan said: "We are offering the new augmented reality experience as an extra feature to add to the enjoyment of visiting the festival this year.
"But it will also mean people around the world can interact with the festival and capture a flavour of its atmosphere at any time.
"The message will be updated in the run up to HebCelt and during the event, allowing people to instantly access information and interviews, buy tickets and also get a taste of our unique festival wherever they are." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
    1. The article does not mention anything about images being copyrighted.
    2. The article talks about an app that provides an augmented reality experience for visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival, allowing them to access online information and interviews, buy tickets, and get a taste of the festival's atmosphere.
    3. Therefore, the summary statement "all images are copyrighted" is not supported by the article, as the article does not mention images at all.
    4. The summary is not consistent with the article because it is not based on any information provided in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states "all images are copyrighted". However, the article does not mention anything about images being copyrighted. Instead, the article talks about an app that allows visitors to trigger online information about the Hebridean Celtic Festival.
