<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    " it\'s a bit of a lot of money. " 

    Article: 
    The paper ran a front page headline calling the comedian a "hypocrite" because he campaigns for economic and political "revolution" to help poorer people, yet he lives in a luxury home.
It's an accusation often made against the star.
How can such a rich man claim to speak up for the poor?
Viewers of Brand's vlogs - The Trews - are familiar with the inside of his spacious London home. It looks lovely and airy. It has wooden floors and exposed brickwork.
When the St Trinian's star was outside the prime minister's Downing Street home - supporting a campaign by residents of an east London estate who fear they will be turfed out of their homes to allow richer renters to move in - Brand was asked about his own accommodation by a TV reporter.
"Part of the problem is the super-rich buying property in London, isn't it? What kind of rent are you paying?"
Brand wasn't very happy with the question. He called the Channel 4 News journalist "a snide", before walking off.
Newsbeat contacted Brand to see if he was really going to take legal action against The Sun and its owner Rupert Murdoch.
He didn't reply, though he has been tweeting about The Sun and it's accusations of hypocrisy - using the hashtag #TheSunLogic.
The star's been condemned as a hypocrite plenty of times before. Here's how he's explained it in the past.
"Don't think I'm unaware of the inevitability of such a charge. I know, I know. I'm rich, I'm famous, I have money... There is no doubt that I as much as anyone have to change.
"Revolution is change. I believe in change, personal change most of all. Know, too that I have seen what fame and fortune have to offer and I know it's not the answer.
"Of course I have to change as an individual and part of that will be sharing wealth, though without systemic change, that will be a sweet, futile gesture."
"I can't deny that I've done a lot of daft things while I was under the capitalist fugue, some silly telly, soppy scandals, movies better left unmade.
"It's easy to attack me, I'm a right twerp, I'm a junkie and a cheeky monkey, I accept it, but that doesn't detract from the incontrovertible fact that we are living in a time of huge economic disparity and confronting ecological disaster."
"Now I'm rich and I complain about inequality they say I'm a hypocrite. I'm beginning to think they just don't want inequality on the agenda because it is a real problem that needs to be addressed."
"A system that has posited me on a lilo made of thighs in an ocean filled with honey and foie gras'd my Essex arse with undue praise and money.
"The hypocrisy ... is a problem that can be taken care of incrementally."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's why the summary "it's a bit of a lot of money" is not consistent with the article:

1. The article discusses Russell Brand's wealth and how he is accused of being a hypocrite for speaking out against economic inequality while living in a luxury home.
2. The summary does not address Brand's wealth or the accusations of hypocrisy, instead simply stating that he has a lot of money.
3. The article provides specific examples of Brand's wealth, such as his spacious London home and his expensive lifestyle.
4. The summary does not provide any specific information about Brand's wealth or how it relates to the accusations of hypocrisy.
5. The article quotes Brand as saying that he is aware of the inevitability of being accused of hypocrisy due to his wealth and that he is willing to change and share his wealth as part of a larger systemic change.
6. The summary does not include any of Brand's quotes or perspectives on the issue.

Overall, the summary does not provide a clear or accurate picture of the article's content and focuses solely on Brand's wealth without addressing the larger issue of hypocrisy.

###Corrected:
