<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    northern ireland\'s martin mcguinness has said he will not quit racing at the 2016 isle of man tt because of a mechanical problem. 

    Article: 
    The English rider crashed at this year's TT and the Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems.
Martin told MCN that he was quitting road racing but he later clarifying his position on Facebook.
"I've not given up on racing or road racing but I've got no plans to do anymore road racing on the Hondas this year," he said.
Martin didn't race at the North West 200 after team-mate John McGuinness crashed in practice and he will not compete in next month's Ulster Grand Prix.
He added: "The TT was a bloody disaster, aside from walking the dog and racing the Mugen, I didn't enjoy it.
"It was clear even before that we were going to struggle and then it turned into me really being a test rider, which I did.
"But after we did more testing at Cadwell a few weeks back, I said to the team the bike won't be competitive at the Ulster Grand Prix and they decided to withdraw me from the event, although they didn't tell me, which is OK as the decision was made for me.
"There's no unfinished business and I want to race classics and oddball stuff." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Martin McGuinness will not quit racing at the 2016 Isle of Man TT because of a mechanical problem.
2. However, the article states that Martin McGuinness crashed at this year's TT and the Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems.
3. The article also states that Martin McGuinness will not compete in next month's Ulster Grand Prix.
4. The article quotes Martin McGuinness as saying that he did not enjoy the TT and that the bike was not competitive.
5. Based on these statements, it is clear that Martin McGuinness has decided not to continue racing at the Isle of Man TT and other events due to the mechanical problems with the bike and his own lack of enjoyment.
6. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it only mentions the mechanical problem as the reason for Martin McGuinness's decision, while the article provides additional context and quotes from Martin McGuinness that explain his decision in more detail.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Martin McGuinness will not quit racing at the 2016 Isle of Man TT because of a mechanical problem.
2. However, the article states that Martin crashed at this year's TT and was quitting road racing.
3. The summary mentions "Northern Ireland's Martin GcGuinness". However, the article does not mention Martin's last name as GcGuinness nor he is from northern Ireland. Instead the article states John McGuinness is Martin's teammate.
4. The summary mentions "the 2016 isle of man tt". However, the article does not mention the year of the race.
