<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production.
The short ceremony took place at the mine, near Doncaster.
John Grogan, chairman of the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust, which has run the mine since 2013, said it was "the end of an era".
He said: "On Monday the company will be wound up in the High Court and that will represent the end of coal mining in South Yorkshire after many generations.
"In 1980 there were 50,000 miners in South Yorkshire. On Monday morning when we're in the High Court there will be none.
"We're presenting this piece of coal as a symbol of our respect for all the miners who have gone before us in South Yorkshire and helped build the economy of our country and keep the lights on for many decades."
Accepting the gift the Mayor of Doncaster Ros Jones said: "On behalf of Doncaster and South Yorkshire I'm humbled to accept this."
The only remaining deep coal mine in England, Kellingley colliery in North Yorkshire, is due to close later this year.
</Article>

<Summary>
the owner of a south yorkshire colliery has been given the go-ahead following a court order to keep it open.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs, and the article is referring to a ceremony that took place at the mine.
2. The summary states that the owner of a South Yorkshire colliery has been given the go-ahead following a court order to keep it open.
3. These two statements are contradictory, as the article states that the colliery has closed, while the summary states that the owner has been given the go-ahead to keep it open.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it does not accurately reflect the information provided in the article.

The reason for this inconsistency is likely due to a mistake or misinterpretation of the information in the article. The article clearly states that the colliery has closed, but the summary incorrectly states that the owner has been given the go-ahead to keep it open.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the owner of a South Yorkshire colliery has been given the go-ahead following a court order to keep it open.
2. The article states that Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs, and the article is referring to a ceremony that took place at the mine.
3. These two statements are contradictory, as the article states that the colliery has closed, while the summary states that the owner has been given the go-ahead to keep it open.
