<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Police in Arkansas wish to unlock an iPhone and iPod belonging to two teenagers accused of killing a couple, according to the Associated Press (AP).
Less than a day after its San Bernardino announcement, the FBI agreed to help in the homicide case.
Syed Farook and his wife were shot dead after killing 14 people in December.
A judge agreed to postpone the Arkansas case on 28 March to allow prosecutors to ask the FBI for help.
Hunter Drexler, 18, and Justin Staton, 15, are accused of killing Robert and Patricia Cogdell at their home in Conway, Arkansas last July.
Staton had been raised as a grandson by the Cogdells.
"We always appreciate [the FBI's] cooperation and willingness to help their local law enforcement partners," Faulkner County prosecuting attorney Cody Hilland told the AP.
An attorney for Mr Drexler told the AP he was "not concerned" about any data on the phone.
Previously, the FBI had asked Apple to write new software that would allow it to gain access to Farook's iPhone.
However, the company refused, arguing it would be wrong to compromise the security of one of its devices since that might lead to vulnerabilities in many other iPhones.
</Article>

<Summary>
a judge in arkansas has refused to apologise to the family of an american couple shot dead in the us.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the FBI agreed to help in the homicide case in Arkansas, but the summary states that a judge in Arkansas has refused to apologize to the family of the victims. This is inconsistent, as there is no mention of a judge refusing to apologize in the article.
2. The article mentions that the FBI agreed to help in the case, which implies that the FBI will be assisting in unlocking the iPhone and iPod, but the summary makes no mention of the FBI's involvement in unlocking the devices.
3. The article states that the case was postponed to allow prosecutors to ask the FBI for help, but the summary does not mention the postponement of the case.
4. The summary states that the FBI has been asked to help in the case, but the article does not mention the FBI being asked to help.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article, and contains several inaccuracies and omissions.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that a judge in Arkansas has refused to apologize to the family of the victims. 
2. However, there is no mention of a judge refusing to apologize in the article.
3. Instead, the article states that the FBI agreed to help in the homicide case in Arkansas.
