<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the number of plastic bags thrown away in england last year has more than doubled in the last year. 

    Article: 
    The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013.
There has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used.
The bags end up in rubbish dumps and even rivers causing big problems for the environment.
From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones that they already have.
Supermarkets in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, where people are charged for carrier bags, have all seen a decrease in bags used.
Campaigners are hoping the charge in England will lessen the amount of bags being thrown away, helping the environment. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the number of plastic bags thrown away in England last year has more than doubled.
2. However, the article states that the number of plastic bags has gone up by 200 million since 2013, which implies that the number has increased, but not more than doubled.
3. The article also states that there has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used.
4. The article goes on to say that the charge in England will lessen the amount of bags being thrown away, helping the environment.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it states that the number of plastic bags thrown away has more than doubled, when in fact, the article states that the number has increased, but not more than doubled.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is because it exaggerates the increase in the number of plastic bags thrown away, and the article provides a more accurate and nuanced view of the situation.

###Corrected:
