<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan Street following the blaze on 2 March, which reduced train services and caused travel delays.
The Environment Agency (EA) suspended Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited from accepting waste after the fire.
The firm was "broadly compliant" with fire safety law, the fire service said.
Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, whose site was run by Asset and Land Group, could not be contacted for a comment. It has until 7 August to appeal the decision.
Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) visited the premises nine times in the last 12 months.
Geoff Harris, GMFRS area manager, said: "The site operators, Asset and Land, have been broadly compliant with fire safety legislation throughout that time."
The fire service raised concerns to the EA in February over the impact a fire could have on nearby residents, transport and the environment.
"The EA were very interested in our concerns, which resulted in our fire safety officers conducting joint visits to the site with EA staff, the EA decided to take enforcement action against the site operators," Mr Harris said.
An EA spokesman said: "After consideration of all the facts relating to the company and the site, the EA has now decided to revoke the environmental permit.
"Subject to any appeal, the revocation takes effect on 7 August, which means after that date the company will no longer be able to operate from that site. The company is still required to remove all the waste."
The cause of the fire remains undetermined.
</Article>

<Summary>
the owners of a recycling plant destroyed by fire in greater manchester have been stripped of their environmental permit.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that the owners of a recycling plant destroyed by fire in Greater Manchester have been stripped of their environmental permit.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about the owners being stripped of their permit. Instead, it states that the Environment Agency (EA) has revoked the permit for Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, which is a different entity.
3. The summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that the owners of the recycling plant have lost their permit, when in fact it is the company that has lost the permit.
4. The article states that the EA has revoked the permit for Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, and that the company is still required to remove all the waste. This suggests that the owners of the recycling plant have not been stripped of their permit, but rather the company has lost its permit.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that the owners of a recycling plant destroyed by fire in Greater Manchester have been stripped of their environmental permit.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about the owners being stripped of their permit. Instead, it states that the Environment Agency (EA) has revoked the permit for Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited, which is a different entity.

###Comment:
Not sure
