<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Santner, 24, broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016.
"There is some unfinished business with Mitch," director of cricket Steve Rhodes told Worcestershire's website.
"Last summer he was very unlucky. Losing Mitch was a massive blow to our hopes of qualifying. We'd had a good start and him playing all those games would have been an extra bonus for us."
The left-arm batsman and spinner, who made his Test debut in 2015, will rejoin the Rapids following June's ICC Trophy in England.
Santner added: "I really enjoyed my time at Worcester with a great bunch of lads and it was so frustrating for me to pick up that injury in the very first T20 game.
"It's fantastic that I've got the chance to come back again next summer and hopefully I can make up for lost time and make an impact with bat and ball."
In August, Worcestershire signed Australia pace bowler John Hastings as their main overseas player for the 2017 season across all formats of the game.
</Article>

<Summary>
worcestershire have re-signed south africa all-rounder mitch santner for this summer\'s t20 blast.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Worcestershire have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Mitch Santner for this summer's T20 Blast.
2. However, the article states that Santner broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016 and did not play any further games that season.
3. This suggests that Santner did not play for Worcestershire in the 2017 season, let alone be re-signed for this summer's T20 Blast.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it claims that Santner has been re-signed by Worcestershire when in fact he did not play for the team in the previous season.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that Worcestershire have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Mitch Santner for this summer's T20 Blast.
2. However, the article states that Santner broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016 and did not play any further games that season.
3. In addition, the article does not mention Mitch Santner is from South Africa.
