<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being prepared to "concede everything", and the opposition's leader in the Lords, Baroness Smith, responded that his party was giving people "false hope".
The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government concerning the rights of EU citizens and parliamentary approval for a Brexit deal.
But that co-operation went out the window when MPs rejected those amendments - with Lib Dems determined to insist on them and Labour prepared to defer to the Commons.
A Labour source in the Lords told the BBC it was "fairly obvious grandstanding" by the Lib Dems, and geared towards content for their campaign leaflets.
"It's pretty unforgiveable to build up false hope with people genuinely worried about their future in Britain, when you already know that MPs were ready to dig in behind the government," the source said.
For their part, the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson Baroness Ludford accused Labour of "waving through the government's plans" and "lining up with the Conservatives as they drive forward with a hard Brexit".
It's not just on Brexit that the two biggest opposition parties have a track record of forming alliances - they have trooped through the lobbies together to impose government defeats on bills dealing with issues from higher education to housing.
Baroness Ludford seemed sanguine about their chances of coming together again, saying: "The Liberal Democrats will continue to work with peers from across the House to fight for the issues we agree on."
But the Labour source predicted "residual tensions", adding: "I can't imagine there'll be much demand here to organise a 'progressive consensus summer drinks' gathering.
"Our respective leaderships will of course continue to keep things business-like."
</Article>

<Summary>
the lib dems have rejected calls by the liberal democrats to set up a brexit deal with the eu.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the Lib Dems and Labour have teamed up to inflict defeats on the government regarding the rights of EU citizens and parliamentary approval for a Brexit deal.
2. However, the article also states that when MPs rejected these amendments, the Lib Dems were determined to insist on them, while Labour was prepared to defer to the Commons.
3. The article quotes a Labour source in the Lords as saying that the Lib Dems' actions are "fairly obvious grandstanding" and are aimed at content for their campaign leaflets.
4. The article also quotes the Lib Dems' Europe spokesperson, Baroness Ludford, as accusing Labour of "waving through the government's plans" and "lining up with the Conservatives as they drive forward with a hard Brexit".
5. Based on these statements, it is clear that the Lib Dems and Labour have different positions on Brexit and are not in agreement on setting up a Brexit deal with the EU.
6. Therefore, the summary statement "the Lib Dems have rejected calls by the liberal democrats to set up a Brexit deal with the EU" is not consistent with the article.
7. The article does not mention any calls by the Liberal Democrats to set up a Brexit deal with the EU, and instead focuses on the disagreement between the Lib Dems and Labour on this issue.
8. Therefore, the summary statement is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that "the Lib Dems have rejected calls by the liberal democrats to set up a Brexit deal with the EU".
2. The summary contradicts itself, as the Lib Dems can not reject calls by themselfs.
