<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a holyrood committee is to set up a committee to give mps more powers to the scottish parliament. 

    Article: 
    Nationalist MPs will take control of the UK Parliament's energy and climate change select committee and Scottish affairs select committee.
The SNP won 56 of the 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election two weeks ago.
That resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the Conservatives and Labour.
Parliamentary convention dictates that the official third largest party at Westminster gets to chair a number of select committees.
SNP chief whip Mike Weir said both committees were especially important to Scotland in this parliament.
He said: "We will be seeing one of the major bills coming forward in the Scotland Bill on more powers for Scotland, and of course the energy and climate change committee is of particular importance with our oil and gas sector and renewables industry.
"The SNP chairing these committees will allow us to make progress on these important issues, and will help us get the best deal for Scotland." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that a Holyrood committee is to be set up to give MPs more powers to the Scottish Parliament. However, the article does not mention anything about a Holyrood committee. Instead, it talks about the SNP chairing select committees in the UK Parliament.
2. The summary implies that the Scottish Parliament is going to gain more powers, but the article does not support this claim. The article only mentions the SNP chairing select committees in the UK Parliament, which does not necessarily imply any increase in powers for the Scottish Parliament.
3. The summary states that the SNP will have more powers, but the article does not mention any increase in powers for the SNP. Instead, it simply states that the SNP will chair two select committees.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that the Scottish Parliament is going to gain more powers, which is not supported by the article. Additionally, the summary states that the SNP will have more powers, but the article does not mention any increase in powers for the SNP.

###Corrected:
