<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Although there is some common ground between the two governments on, for example, the need for free trade within the single market, Carwyn Jones has complained that he didn't see the letter before it was published on Wednesday. (He has that in common with most of Mrs May's cabinet).
The first minister told AMs: "I discussed the Article 50 letter in general terms with the prime minister when we met in Swansea last week.
"I should be clear, though, that I didn't see the letter before today and we were not invited to contribute to its drafting. This is unacceptable and is the culmination of a deeply frustrating process in which the devolved administrations have persistently been treated with a lack of respect.
"It is all the more regrettable given the UK government's stated aim was to develop a negotiating framework for the whole of the UK."
Mr Jones may have been playing to an audience, but Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns hit back: "I'm a bit disappointed in that. The prime minister has been in Wales three times in the last six weeks.
"We've been talking about the contents of this letter for many months.
"We've clearly all made our representations but, ultimately, the UK government needs to act in the interests of the whole of the UK and that's what we're doing, specifically with Wales being mentioned."
Mrs May did indeed mention Wales in the letter. She told Donald Tusk: "When it comes to the return of powers back to the United Kingdom, we will consult fully on which powers should reside in Westminster and which should be devolved to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
"But it is the expectation of the government that the outcome of this process will be a significant increase in the decision-making power of each devolved administration."
That sentence may have been written more with Scotland in mind, but it does prompt the question: which powers? Farming? Economic aid? And will the money follow the powers?
Alun Cairns wouldn't answer those questions, although Carwyn Jones has said he fears there won't be any money to accompany the powers after 2020. (Perhaps Mr Jones doesn't think Jeremy Corbyn will win power that year - Labour has pledged to maintain EU funding levels on regional aid beyond 2020).
Some in Whitehall think the way EU money has been spent in Wales - check out Nick Clegg's film from Ebbw Vale - is an argument for transferring those powers to Westminster, but that looks politically less likely now.
We may get some more details about the process in a white paper on the Great Repeal Bill on Thursday but, at the moment, the identity of the powers the UK government wants to see devolved is something of a mystery.
</Article>

<Summary>
prime minister theresa may\'s letter to uk prime minister theresa may about brexit has been described as " unacceptable " by the prime minister.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Theresa May's letter about Brexit was described as "unacceptable" by the Prime Minister.
2. However, the article does not mention Theresa May describing her own letter as "unacceptable". Instead, it quotes Carwyn Jones, the First Minister of Wales, as saying that the letter was unacceptable.
3. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it attributes a quote to Theresa May that is actually from Carwyn Jones.
4. The article mentions that Carwyn Jones complained that he did not see the letter before it was published and that the devolved administrations have been treated with a lack of respect.
5. The summary does not include any information about the content of the letter or the concerns raised by Carwyn Jones.
6. The article mentions that the UK government wants to develop a negotiating framework for the whole of the UK, but the summary does not include this information.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it attributes a quote to Theresa May that is actually from Carwyn Jones, and it does not include any information about the content of the letter or the concerns raised by Carwyn Jones. The summary is too brief and does not accurately represent the content of the article.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that PM Theresa May's letter to herself about Brexit has been described as "unacceptable" by herself. The sentence does not make common sense.
2. The article does not mention Theresa May describing her own letter as "unacceptable". Instead, it quotes Carwyn Jones, the First Minister of Wales, as saying that the letter was unacceptable.
