<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    divorce lawyers are being warned that they are being let down by a new form of divorce form. 

    Article: 
    The newly-designed form, used to apply for a divorce in England and Wales, asks for the name "of the person your spouse has committed adultery with".
Family lawyers say that, in most cases, involving a third party adds "conflict and complexity".
The Ministry of Justice said there was "no obligation" to name people.
Lawyer Margaret Heathcote, vice-chairwoman of family law group Resolution, is one of those concerned about the form.
"Generally speaking, we don't name the third party. It increases the conflict from day one," she said.
"There's no need. But because the box is there, the indication will be to fill it in."
The online form has been updated to make the legal process more user-friendly - especially as some complete the process without seeking legal advice.
The guidance on the form highlights that it is "not normally necessary" to name the person your spouse committed adultery with.
But Georgina Hamblin, director at divorce lawyers, Vardags, said people are "unlikely to read the much smaller print or choose to ignore it".
The older version of the form left a space for so-called "co-respondents" to be named where appropriate.
"The new form flatly asks for 'the name of the person your spouse has committed adultery with'," Ms Hamblin explained.
"This is an invitation which I fear most broken hearts will not be able to refuse."
If you name the person your husband or wife committed adultery with, they become part of the court case.
They will be sent copies of the paperwork and given a chance to respond. If they don't respond, proceedings may be delayed and could incur more costs.
According to the latest statistics, there were just over 100,000 divorces granted in England and Wales in 2015.
Adultery was the reason for 12,148 of them. "Unreasonable behaviour" accounted for 46,815.
Ms Hamblin said 80% of the new clients she deals with in matters of adultery "want to get the new partner involved and to have their chance to say what they think of them".
"But it puts the petitioner in a bad light. We have to talk clients down from doing that," she said.
"Judges take a very dim view of petitioners trying to bring in new partners and embroil them in proceedings."
When you apply for a divorce you must prove your marriage has broken down and give one of the following reasons:
Source: Gov.UK
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "It has always been possible for a petitioner to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery with on divorce application forms.
"As set out in the previous form, and more clearly in the new form, there is obviously no obligation to do so. This is a relevant part of divorce proceedings." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the given summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that divorce lawyers are being warned that they are being let down by a new form of divorce form, implying that the form is flawed or problematic. However, the article does not support this statement. Instead, it explains that the form has been updated to make the legal process more user-friendly, and that there is no obligation to name the person your spouse committed adultery with.
2. The summary mentions that the form asks for the name of the person your spouse committed adultery with, which is true. However, the article highlights that this information is not normally necessary and that there is no obligation to provide it. The summary does not accurately convey this information.
3. The summary suggests that naming the person your spouse committed adultery with will involve them in the court case, which is correct. However, the article notes that judges take a very dim view of petitioners trying to bring in new partners and embroil them in proceedings. The summary does not acknowledge this potential drawback.
4. Finally, the summary implies that the new form is causing problems for divorce lawyers, but the article does not support this claim. Instead, it quotes a lawyer as saying that the form has been updated to make the legal process more user-friendly, and that there is no obligation to name the person your spouse committed adultery with.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately convey the information provided in the article, and it implies that the form is problematic when the article does not support this claim.

###Corrected:
