<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    northern ireland striker ryan washington is hoping for a place in the northern ireland squad for euro 2016 after scoring his first international goal. 

    Article: 
    The Queen's Park Rangers player made his NI debut in March and scored in his second game against Slovenia.
Washington, a postman just four years ago, followed that up with another goal against Belarus on Saturday.
"The last few months have been a crazy time and I don't think it has sunk in yet. I know I have been fortunate," said the 24-year-old.
"Football can be about being in the right place at the right time, and I have been lucky.
"Maybe in a couple of years I will look back and realise how mad it has all been."
Washington  combined representing non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012 with a job delivering mail.
Having averaged more than a goal-a-game in his 50 appearances for a club in the ninth tier, he then got his break with Newport who paid £5,000 for him.
The Welsh club were promoted to the Football League in his first season, although Washington barely featured.
He then moved to Peterborough in 2014 and by mid-January of this year, when QPR took him from London Road, Washington had scored 15 goals and aroused the interest of Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill.
Washington had only been to the country once before his international bow against Wales in March but he qualified through the grandparent rule.
"It was nice to be accepted so quickly and so readily with Northern Ireland," he added.
"Life doesn't get much better. I'm proud of my achievements and just have to try to enjoy it." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Ryan Washington is a striker for Northern Ireland, but the article does not mention anything about him being a striker. In fact, the article refers to him as a "postman" and mentions that he only made his international debut in March.
2. The summary mentions that Washington scored his first international goal, but the article does not mention any specific goals scored by Washington. It only mentions that he scored in his second game against Slovenia and another goal against Belarus.
3. The summary states that Washington is hoping for a place in the Northern Ireland squad for Euro 2016, but the article does not mention anything about Euro 2016. It only mentions that he made his debut in March and scored in his second game.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not mentioned in the article, and omits other important information that is included in the article.

###Corrected:
