<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The Rhinos have been training across the city of Leeds since the river Aire burst its banks at Christmas.
Chief executive Gary Hetherington told BBC Radio Leeds: "It is looking like £1m in total. It has caused massive disruption.
"But sport throws up all sorts of challenges and this is another one."
All seven training pitches and the main building at the Kirkstall site the Rhinos share with rugby union side Yorkshire Carnegie were contaminated by flood water at the end of December.
The Rhinos, who begin the defence of their Super League title against Warrington on 4 February, say that 80 members of staff based at the site, plus 120 players, have been kept out for the last month.
"We couldn't get anywhere near the site," said Hetherington.
"When we were able to access it, the reality hit everybody. The whole site was under water. The changing rooms, medical rooms and gymnasium, and all the equipment was completely destroyed.
"All the pitches are contaminated so they need to be dug up and reseeded. The 3G pitch needs to be replaced. The buildings need to be replastered, all the floors need to come up.
"It will be the best part of six months before we can use the grass pitches and gymnasium."
</Article>

<Summary>
leeds rhinos say they have been left " devastated " by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Leeds Rhinos have been left "devastated" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.
2. However, the article does not mention the word "devastated" to describe the team's reaction to the flooding. Instead, it states that the flooding has caused "massive disruption" and that the team has been kept out of their training ground for a month.
3. The word "devastated" is a strong word that implies a deeper level of emotional impact than what is described in the article. The article focuses more on the practical challenges and financial costs of the flooding, rather than the emotional toll it has taken on the team.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it uses language that is not supported by the content of the article. The article does not describe the team as being "devastated" by the flooding, but rather as being affected by it in a more practical and financial sense.

###Corrected:

###Comment:
I feel its okay to say no consisteny.
35412241,BERTS2S,"leeds rhinos say they have been left "" devastated "" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.",intrinsic,leeds rhinos,1,13,wid_0
35412241,BERTS2S,"leeds rhinos say they have been left "" devastated "" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.",extrinsic,devastated,40,50,wid_0
35412241,BERTS2S,"leeds rhinos say they have been left "" devastated "" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.",intrinsic,leeds rhinos,1,13,wid_1
35412241,BERTS2S,"leeds rhinos say they have been left "" devastated "" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.",extrinsic,last month,105,115,wid_1
35412241,BERTS2S,"leeds rhinos say they have been left "" devastated "" by the flooding that affected their training ground last month.",extrinsic,affected their training ground last month,74,115,wid_2
38
