<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production.
The short ceremony took place at the mine, near Doncaster.
John Grogan, chairman of the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust, which has run the mine since 2013, said it was "the end of an era".
He said: "On Monday the company will be wound up in the High Court and that will represent the end of coal mining in South Yorkshire after many generations.
"In 1980 there were 50,000 miners in South Yorkshire. On Monday morning when we're in the High Court there will be none.
"We're presenting this piece of coal as a symbol of our respect for all the miners who have gone before us in South Yorkshire and helped build the economy of our country and keep the lights on for many decades."
Accepting the gift the Mayor of Doncaster Ros Jones said: "On behalf of Doncaster and South Yorkshire I'm humbled to accept this."
The only remaining deep coal mine in England, Kellingley colliery in North Yorkshire, is due to close later this year.
</Article>

<Summary>
the last deep coal mine in south yorkshire has been presented to the owners of a south yorkshire colliery.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Hatfield Colliery, located near Doncaster in South Yorkshire, has closed with the loss of 430 jobs.
2. The article does not mention anything about presenting the last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire to the owners of a South Yorkshire colliery.
3. The summary states that the last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire has been presented to the owners of a South Yorkshire colliery, which is not supported by the article.
4. The article only mentions that the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust has run the mine since 2013 and that the mine is being wound up in the High Court, but there is no mention of presenting the mine to anyone.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it makes a claim that is not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
