<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    harry potter star harry potter and star wars star harry potter have had his caravan stolen, police have said. 

    Article: 
    The Swift Archway Cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday night.
Davis tweeted "My touring caravan was stolen.. even though it was locked up with hitch & wheel lock! I want to swear... #rotters".
He added the thieves could have "headed north or south on A1, or west on A14".
Cambridgeshire Police said: "We have had a report of a caravan being stolen in the Yaxley area between 5pm on Thursday and 12.45pm on Friday. We are investigating."
Davis, who played the role of Wicket in the third of the original Star War movies, is also appearing in the forthcoming Star Wars: Episode VII.
Davis's credits include Professor Flitwick in the Harry Potter films and Nikabrik in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Anyone with information about the caravan is asked to call Cambridgeshire Police. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary mentions "Harry Potter star Harry Potter" which is incorrect. There is no character named Harry Potter in the Harry Potter series.
2. The summary also mentions "Star Wars star Harry Potter" which is also incorrect. There is no character named Harry Potter in the Star Wars series.
3. The article does not mention anything about Harry Potter or Star Wars. The article is about a stolen caravan and the actor who owned it, Davis.
4. The summary is not consistent with the article because it mentions two fictional characters (Harry Potter and Star Wars) and their connection to the stolen caravan, which is not present in the article.

Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
