<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    plans have been submitted for a glass tower on the edge of southampton seafront. 

    Article: 
    It would make the disused Fawley power station chimney the tallest such attraction south of London's Shard.
Developers Fawley Waterside said it would be the centrepiece of a "merchant city" development.
The power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation.
Architects plans show a petal-shaped glass structure at the centre of a £1bn development featuring a marina, housing and restaurants.
It also includes fast ferry links to Southampton and Portsmouth.
With an application for outline planning permission due later this year, building could start in 2018.
The oil-fired Fawley Power Station, on the western side of Southampton Water, was commissioned in 1971 and was capable of powering one million homes.
The 300-acre site was sold to Fawley Waterside developers in 2016.
Aldred Drummond of the company said: "We'd be mad to knock the chimney down - its our signature piece of infrastructure.
"If you think of the money spent building the i360 in Brighton, or the Spinnaker Tower in Portsmouth, this building is already there so with relatively little investment we can do something very spectacular."
1971
Commissioned on the western shore of Southampton Water
2,000 megawatt oil-fired power station fuelled by nearby Esso refinery
198 metre-high chimney dominates the Solent sykline
1,100  miles of cable were laid within the power station
One million homes were powered by Fawley 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that plans have been submitted for a glass tower on the edge of Southampton seafront. However, the article does not mention anything about a glass tower.
2. The article does mention a "merchant city" development, but this is not mentioned in the summary.
3. The summary states that the development will feature a marina, housing, and restaurants, but these details are not mentioned in the article.
4. The article does mention that the development will include fast ferry links to Southampton and Portsmouth, but this is not mentioned in the summary.
5. The summary states that the power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation, but the article does not mention when the power station closed.
6. The summary states that the developer plans to use the existing chimney as the centrepiece of the development, but the article does not mention this.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains details that are not mentioned in the article and omits other important details that are included in the article.

###Corrected:
