<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Their comments, she wrote, "reminds me how big the world is and how many more decent people there are than not".
The Harry Potter author previously tweeted that her "personal line [had] been crossed" by some abusive comments.
"It isn't always fun being a famous woman on Twitter and I believe in standing up to bullies," she wrote.
Rowling faced a flood of criticism on Twitter last year after it emerged she had donated £1m to the campaign for a No vote in the Scottish independence referendum.
In 2008, she donated the same amount to the Labour party.
On Friday the author revealed she had been called "a traitor" for her political views and had blocked some abusive Twitter users she believed had been supporters of the Scottish National Party (SNP).
"I feel no responsibility to hush up that kind of behaviour to protect the image of any political party," she told one Twitter user.
The 49-year-old also revealed she had "responded to other really nice SNP supporters" and had discussed "how much I had in common politically with many of them".
The writer also joked she would "bring marshmallows" after a Twitter user suggested her books should be burned in public.
The SNP took 56 of the 59 seats in Scotland in Thursday's election and is now the third largest party in the UK.
</Article>

<Summary>
author jk rowling has said she has been blocked from posting abusive messages on twitter.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "from posting abusive messages",
  "has been blocked from posting abusive messages",
  "jk"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "from posting abusive messages" - The article does not mention anything about JK Rowling being blocked from posting abusive messages. Instead, it states that she has blocked some abusive Twitter users who she believes were supporters of the Scottish National Party (SNP).
2. "has been blocked from posting abusive messages" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because there is no mention of JK Rowling being blocked from posting anything. The article only mentions that she has blocked some abusive Twitter users.
3. "jk" - This is a minor inconsistency, but the article refers to JK Rowling as "the author" or "she" throughout, rather than using her initials.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccuracies and exaggerations. The summary states that JK Rowling has been blocked from posting abusive messages, which is not supported by the article. Additionally, the summary uses the initials "jk" to refer to JK Rowling, which is not consistent with the article's style.

###Corrected:
