<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a golfer has said he was surprised to have been attacked by a crocodile at his golf course in australia. 

    Article: 
    John Lahiff, 75, told local media that he disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in water at the course in Port Douglas, Queensland.
He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf, but said he would not be put off playing golf.
He told ABC News he would try not to hit balls into the water in future.
Crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course, Australian media reported, and signs warn players of the dangers.
Police Senior Sergeant James Coate told ABC that the 1.2m (4ft) saltwater crocodile had been in a waterway on the 11th hole
Mr Lahiff, speaking from Cairns Hospital, said he had seen crocodiles there before and "should have realised to be a bit more aware".
"I didn't see the croc sunbaking just on the edge of the water. I walked past it and then it got me on the way back and as soon as it grabbed me it took off into the water."
He manage to drive himself back to the club house to get help.
The Australian newspaper reported that wildlife officers would try to remove the crocodile and relocate it to a crocodile farm or a zoo.
But Mr Lahiff told ABC he wanted the croc to stay where it was. "I think he got more of a fright than me. He's alright," he said.
The Palmer Sea Reef golf course is owned by Australian billionaire and politician Clive Palmer.
After the incident he tweeted that he wished the golfer a speedy recovery.
He joked: "Crocodile has been removed from all menus at Palmer properties following today's incident."
Crocodiles are a common feature of Australia's tropical north and numbers have increased since being declared a protected species in 1971. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the golfer was "attacked" by a crocodile, while the article states that the golfer disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in the water and was bitten.
2. The summary implies that the golfer was taken by surprise by the crocodile, while the article states that the golfer saw the crocodile before it attacked him and that he "should have realised to be a bit more aware".
3. The summary does not mention that the golfer was taken to hospital or that he had puncture wounds to his calf, as stated in the article.
4. The summary does not mention that the crocodile was 1.2m (4ft) long, as stated in the article.
5. The summary does not mention that the golf course is owned by Australian billionaire and politician Clive Palmer, as stated in the article.
6. The summary does not mention that the incident occurred on the 11th hole, as stated in the article.
7. The summary does not mention that wildlife officers would try to remove the crocodile and relocate it to a crocodile farm or a zoo, as stated in the article.
8. The summary does not mention that the golfer wanted the crocodile to stay where it was, as stated in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the severity of the incident and omits several important details.

###Corrected:
