<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
It comes after a jury concluded the death of a man from St Austell was suicide, while undergoing care 140 miles from where he lived.
David Knight was killed by a train near St Austell after going on leave from a Somerset hospital.
The Department of Health has admitted "unacceptable" patients "are receiving care far from home".
Click here for live updates on this story
BBS South West Political Reporter Tamsin Melville said county coroner Dr Emma Carlyon was understood to be satisfied there was a commitment locally to continue to work hard to ensure the lowest number of patients possible leave the county for treatment.
An inquest in June heard that in May last year Mr Knight died of multiple injuries when he was hit by a train on the viaduct.
The 29-year-old had been suffering from paranoid schizophrenia when he died.
A jury said his death was contributed to by an inadequate risk assessment and support while he was on leave from Cygnet Hospital in Kewstoke, Somerset.
The inquest heard Mr Knight was being treated there because there were no acute psychiatric inpatient beds available in Cornwall.
The NHS said 30 adult mental patients were placed out of Cornwall in 2015/16, 150 the year before when a key unit was closed for six months, and 60 the year before that.
The Department of Health said it had increased mental health funding to £11.7bn and had accepted the recommendation of the Mental Health Taskforce that the inappropriate use of out of area treatments for adults in acute care "must be eliminated by 2020/21".
"We will work to a faster timetable if at all possible," said a spokeswoman.
"We will consider Dr Carlyon's letter in detail once it arrives."
</Article>

<Summary>
mental health patients in cornwall are to be sent to the county for treatment, a coroner has said.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "coroner has said",
  "to be sent to the county for treatment, a coroner has said"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the coroner, Dr. Emma Carlyon, has said that there is a commitment locally to continue to work hard to ensure the lowest number of patients possible leave the county for treatment.
2. However, the summary states that mental health patients in Cornwall are to be sent to the county for treatment, which is not consistent with the article.
3. The article does not mention anything about sending patients to the county for treatment. Instead, it focuses on the issue of patients being sent out of the county for treatment due to a lack of acute psychiatric inpatient beds in Cornwall.
4. The only mention of the county in the article is in the context of the coroner's commitment to work locally to ensure the lowest number of patients leave the county for treatment.
5. Therefore, the statement in the summary that mental health patients in Cornwall are to be sent to the county for treatment is not supported by the article.

Overall, the consistency issue in the summary is that it states that patients will be sent to the county for treatment, which is not supported by the article. The article focuses on the issue of patients being sent out of the county for treatment due to a lack of acute psychiatric inpatient beds in Cornwall, and the coroner's commitment to work locally to ensure the lowest number of patients leave the county for treatment.

###Corrected:
