<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
More than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in the southern city of Liuzhou.
They also found packets of a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as the anti-impotence drug Viagra.
Police in the Guangxi region are now investigating the two distillers.
The Liuzhou Food and Drug Administration said (in Chinese) that the powder was added to three different types of 'baijiu' - a strong, clear spirit that is the most popular drink in China.
They said the haul was worth up to 700,000 yuan (£72,000; $113,000).
Doctors recommend that adults requiring prescription should take only one dose of Viagra a day, with a lower dose for those over the age of 65.
China continues to face widespread food safety problems.
In June, police in cities across China seized more than 100,000 tonnes of smuggled meat, some of which was more than 40 years old.
The 2008 tainted milk scandal outraged the nation.
Some 300,000 people were affected and at least six babies died after consuming milk adulterated with melamine.
</Article>

<Summary>
police in southern china have seized more than 1, 000 alcohol bottles and seized more than 1, 200 bottles of contaminated milk, local media report.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "china",
  "seized more than 1, 200 bottles",
  "1, 000",
  "police",
  "local media report"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "China" - The article mentions "the southern city of Liuzhou in China", but the summary only says "police in southern China". This is inconsistent because the article specifies the location as Liuzhou, while the summary only mentions "southern China" without specifying the location.
2. "seized more than 1,200 bottles" - The article states that "more than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized", but the summary says "seized more than 1,200 bottles". This is inconsistent because the article gives a much higher number of bottles seized than the summary.
3. "1,000" - The summary mentions "1,000", but there is no mention of this number in the article. This is inconsistent because the summary introduces a number that is not supported by the article.
4. "police" - The article mentions "police in the Guangxi region" and "the Liuzhou Food and Drug Administration", but the summary only says "police". This is inconsistent because the article mentions multiple authorities, while the summary only mentions one.
5. "local media report" - The article does not mention anything about local media reports. This is inconsistent because the summary introduces a source that is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary has several inconsistencies with the article, including the location, the number of bottles seized, the authorities involved, and the source of the information.

###Corrected:
