<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Fellow tenants Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union, who have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue."
County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023.
"Our view is quite clear - we've got a contract," Foxall said.
"That is something that we're expecting to be honoured.
"Obviously there is a vote in early May by the shareholders for Newport Rugby and we'll wait and see what happens with that."
The WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May.
In 2013 the Exiles agreed a 10-year lease to use the stadium after gaining promotion to the Football League from the Conference.
Newport RFC chairman Will Godfrey said both County and Newport Squash Club, who are also based at Rodney Parade, are protected under their current agreements.
Godfrey said the WRU had been made aware of that fact. The WRU have signalled their intention to install an artificial surface which is against Football League rules.
On the pitch, County are two points clear of the League Two relegation with two games remaining after six wins in 10 games under caretaker manager Mike Flynn and can clinch survival this weekend if they win and rivals Hartlepool lose.
Newport secured promotion back to the Football League in 2013 and Foxall said relegation to the National League would be a "massive" blow,
"To lose that status again, in a relatively short space of time would be pretty devastating for the fans but also for the city of Newport," Foxall told BBC Wales Today.
</Article>

<Summary>
newport county director of rugby steve foxall says he expects to sign a new contract at rodney parade.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "newport county director of rugby steve foxall says he expects to sign a new contract at rodney parade",
  "newport county director",
  "steve",
  "sign a new contract"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "newport county director of rugby steve foxall says he expects to sign a new contract at rodney parade" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because it implies that Steve Foxall is a director of Newport County, which is not mentioned in the article. The article only mentions that he is the chairman of Newport RFC.
2. "newport county director" - This phrase is not consistent with the article because there is no mention of Newport County in the article. The article only mentions Newport RFC.
3. "steve" - This name is not consistent with the article because the correct name of the person mentioned is "Steve Foxall".
4. "sign a new contract" - This phrase is not consistent with the article because the article does not mention anything about Steve Foxall signing a new contract. The article only mentions that the WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to a vote on Tuesday, May 9th.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations.

###Corrected:
