<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the head of lebanon\'s education department has warned that international efforts to tackle the migrant crisis could lead to the end of education in the future. 

    Article: 
    Mohammad Thneibat said countries such as Jordan faced a "serious problem" in coping with so many young refugees.
He called for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers.
"The alternatives are very bad," said Mr Thneibat.
"The international community will pay a high price if we don't stand together to face this serious problem," he told the Global Education and Skills Forum.
Mr Thneibat said Jordan already had Palestinian and Iraqi refugees and now had 1.3 million Syrians who had fled across its borders.
"We're trying to do everything to educate these young people for peace, introducing ideas of tolerance and co-existence," Mr Thneibat, who is also Jordan's education minister, told the international conference in Dubai.
But he warned that Syria's neighbours did not have the capacity to deal with such an influx of families without more international assistance.
He said Jordan was training thousands more teachers and building new schools, which would operate in double shifts to try to accommodate 145,000 refugee children in its state school system.
But there were still more children arriving than could be taught, he warned.
There had been financial support from the international community - and more had been pledged, Mr Thneibat said - but almost two-thirds of the cost of each extra refugee pupil was being taken from Jordan's own education budget, he said.
This was in addition to extra costs in health, housing and infrastructure.
Without any access to education, he said such youngsters could become part of another cycle of conflict.
"If we leave these students, we believe they could become extremists."
Tom Fletcher, UK ambassador to Lebanon until last year, said the numbers of refugees were now "staggering".
Mr Fletcher is now working for a coalition trying to get business support to tackle the refugee crisis.
He said conventional humanitarian crisis approaches did not work on this scale, and that other groups, including business, should contribute.
George Papendreou, former prime minister of Greece, told the conference that he had been a refugee when his family was in political exile.
He said that European countries should try to see refugees as potential benefits to their societies rather than respond with "fear and ignorance". 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the head of Lebanon's education department warned that international efforts to tackle the migrant crisis could lead to the end of education in the future. However, the article does not mention anything about the end of education. Instead, it focuses on the challenges of accommodating a large number of refugee children in Jordan's state school system and the need for more international assistance.
2. The summary implies that the international community's efforts to tackle the migrant crisis are the cause of the potential end of education, but the article does not support this claim. In fact, the article highlights the need for more international assistance to support Jordan's efforts in educating refugee children.
3. The summary mentions the head of Lebanon's education department, but the article does not mention anyone by that title. Instead, it quotes Mohammad Thneibat, who is Jordan's education minister.
4. The summary does not accurately represent the tone of the article, which is focused on the challenges of the refugee crisis and the need for international support, rather than the potential end of education.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents the content and tone of the article, and introduces inaccurate information about the potential end of education.

###Corrected:
