<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Clarkson, 30, joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July and could make his St Mirren debut in the Championship against Alloa on Saturday.
He scored nine goals at Dundee last season and has featured mainly as a substitute so far this term.
"I'm ready, I've been fit all season and I'm as fit as I've ever been," Clarkson told the St Mirren website.
"I've been playing games, playing for the U20s and I like to keep my match fitness up.
"I've been training hard and making sure that when my time came, wherever it may be, that I was ready and match fit and hopefully up to speed with everyone else really. I'm looking forward to getting started."
Capped twice for Scotland in 2008 and with one international goal to his name, Clarkson has made almost 400 senior appearances at club level.
His previous teams include Bristol City, Brentford and Bristol Rovers.
St Mirren are eighth in the Championship, seven points clear of bottom side Alloa.
"Obviously the game on Saturday, every game is a big game, and the more games we can win the more confidence we can get from that we can hopefully go on a run of games and push up the table and try to get the club back to where it has been," added Clarkson.
For all the latest transfers check out our transfer deals page.
</Article>

<Summary>
st mirren have signed striker jeremy clarkson on a season-long loan from dundee.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "striker jeremy",
  "signed striker jeremy",
  "season-long loan from dundee",
  "season-long loan"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "striker jeremy": The article does not mention the word "striker" before Jeremy Clarkson's name. The correct phrase would be "Jeremy Clarkson, a forward".
2. "signed striker jeremy": The article does not mention the word "signed" either. It says "joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July".
3. "season-long loan from dundee": The article does not mention the word "season-long" or "loan" in this context. It says "joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July".
4. "season-long loan": This phrase is not present in the article at all.

Therefore, the summary has consistency issues in the following spans:

* "striker jeremy" should be "Jeremy Clarkson, a forward"
* "signed striker jeremy" should be "joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July"
* "season-long loan from dundee" should be "joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July"
* "season-long loan" is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
