<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Luke, 18, is one of 14 successful candidates from the 282 youngsters who entered the Fighting Chance scheme.
GB Taekwondo chief Gary Hall said that, like his sister Jade, the teenager is "a good character".
Hall added: "He hasn't got the tactical game finesse his sister has but he has a lot of the basic ingredients."
The 14 who made the cut will undergo a three-month training regime before fighting at the Austrian Open in June.
Performance director Hall added: "This group is really strong. We have done [the Fighting Chance scheme] four times and this has got to be one of the strongest intakes we have had.
"They will go on a three-month programme, including participation in the Austrian Open, to see how they perform.
"If they are really making progress in the system then we will continue with them."
Find out how to get into taekwondo in our special guide.
</Article>

<Summary>
double olympic taekwondo champion luke williams has become the first person to take part in a professional taekwondo programme in great britain.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "double olympic taekwondo champion luke williams has become the first person to take part in a professional taekwondo programme in great britain"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Luke Williams is one of 14 successful candidates in the Fighting Chance scheme, but the summary claims that he is the first person to take part in a professional taekwondo program in Great Britain. This is not consistent with the article, as there are other successful candidates in the program.
2. The article does not mention anything about Luke Williams being a double Olympic champion. This information is not supported by the article.
3. The summary states that Luke Williams has become the first person to take part in a professional taekwondo program in Great Britain, but the article does not mention anything about a professional taekwondo program. The article only mentions a three-month training regime before fighting at the Austrian Open.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not supported by the article, such as Luke Williams being a double Olympic champion and the existence of a professional taekwondo program in Great Britain.

###Corrected:
