<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Svetlana Kuznetsova will hope not, after she hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match at the WTA Finals in Singapore on Monday.
"I thought, 'what's more important? My hair, which can grow, or the match?'" said the Russian world number nine, complaining that it was affecting her game in a three-set win over Agnieszka Radwanska.
Unfortunately, many a sports star has failed to embrace this philosophy of substance over style.
With the help of Sportsday readers, BBC Sport looks at some of the worst sporting hairstyles.
Former basketball star Dennis Rodman had a series of 'unconventional' styles - this was just one of them. He also adopted the bleached blonde look long before Aaron Ramsey, Messi and Neymar re-ignited the craze.
Rodman looks like he has just caught sight of himself on the big screen and is seriously questioning his life choices - as is the dude behind.
Giovanni Simeone, son of Diego, was seen sporting this quirky style when playing for Argentine side River Plate.
Yep, that's 'early noughties Joe Cole' when he tried to make it trendy to shave your initial into your head and dye it red.
Younger readers may be wondering if it caught on. It didn't.
Former Arsenal forward Gervinho revealed he had a hairline higher than his outrageous salary when he uncovered his forehead behind a pair of braided curtains.
It was the elastic headband that really caused a stir - it looked painful!
Striker Ronaldo decided this would be a good idea for the 2002 World Cup - Brazil went on to win it.
Yes, the pinnacle of your career and you have that haircut, shown on the front page of newspapers round the world.
Sorry Ronaldo. Brilliant footballer. Awful haircut.
</Article>

<Summary>
it\'s not long since a top tennis player became the first woman to lose her hair in a match.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "it\\'s not long since a top tennis player became the first woman"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Svetlana Kuznetsova hacked off some of her own hair midway through a match at the WTA Finals in Singapore.
2. The article does not mention any other top tennis players who have lost their hair in a match.
3. Therefore, the statement in the summary "it's not long since a top tennis player became the first woman" is not accurate, as there is no evidence in the article to support the claim that there have been other top tennis players who have lost their hair in a match.
4. The phrase "it's not long since" implies that the event being described is recent or recent enough to still be within memory, but the article does not provide any indication that other top tennis players have lost their hair in a match.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, as it implies that there have been other top tennis players who have lost their hair in a match, when in fact there is no evidence to support this claim in the article.

###Corrected:
