<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The Northern Irishman, twice a winner of the European Tour's season-finale, stumbled to a three-over-par 75 to lie joint 55th in a 60-man field.
McIlroy, 27, has never finished worse than 11th in his seven appearances at Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai.
Westwood, meanwhile, carded seven birdies and just one bogey in his 66.
The 43-year-old Englishman found out earlier this week he would not be competing in the World Cup in Melbourne next week.
Westwood's partner Danny Willett pulled out because of a back problem, and his place went to Chris Wood.
Under tournament rules, Wood was able to select his own partner and opted for Andy Sullivan.
"I'm disappointed not to be playing," said Westwood.
"I can understand him picking a mate and he has picked a very good player. It is probably more to do with the rules than anything."
The Tour Championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai, with four players still in with a chance of topping the European Tour Order of Merit.
Henrik Stenson, holder of a course-record 25 under at the Earth Course, leads but Willett can leapfrog the Swede should he win the tournament.
Willett would also top the list if he finishes second and neither Stenson nor Alex Noren win in Dubai.
Noren, another Swede, needs to finish at least second and hope Stenson and Willett finish down the field.
McIlroy has an outside chance which requires several permutations falling into place - including Stenson finishing no higher than 46th in the 60-man field.
It took McIlroy 14 holes to register his first birdie of the day, and although he swiftly added another on the next, the four-time major winner double-bogeyed the 16th after needing two attempts - the second minus his right shoe and sock - to play from the edge of a water hazard.
Westwood's former Ryder Cup partner Nicolas Colsaerts and France's Julien Quesne share second place on five under, with Sergio Garcia, Francesco Molinari and Joost Luiten a shot further back.
</Article>

<Summary>
rory mcilroy missed the cut at the dubai desert classic as world number one rory mcilroy missed the cut.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "rory mcilroy missed the cut at the dubai desert classic as world number one rory mcilroy missed the cut"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. "rory mcilroy missed the cut" - This statement is not consistent with the article because McIlroy did not miss the cut. In fact, the article states that he finished joint 55th in a 60-man field.
2. "as world number one" - This phrase is not accurate because McIlroy is not currently the world number one. The article does not mention his world ranking.
3. "rory mcilroy missed the cut" - This is a repetition of the same mistake as the first point.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains two errors and repeats a mistake. The correct summary should be more accurate and concise, without repeating information or making errors.

###Corrected:
