<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    two london underground stations are to close as part of a shake-up of ticket office operations. 

    Article: 
    South Wimbledon and Queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms.
Transport for London (TfL) said it would save £50m annually as it tries to save £4.2bn by 2020.
But Manuel Cortes, from the TSSA union, said London Mayor Boris Johnson was "rushing through" the closures.
Mr Cortes, leader of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association said: "Talks on the safety implications of closing over 250 stations have not even been concluded.
"The mayor doesn't seem concerned about how millions of tourists will cope with fewer staff to help them on their way."
TfL said all stations would remain staffed and 150 new ticket machines would be installed by April 2016.
It added that new visitor centres would be created at larger stations such as Victoria and King's Cross to help visitors.
Nick Brown, London Underground's chief operating officer, said more staff were being placed "where they can offer the best possible assistance" as only 3% of Tube tickets were bought at ticket offices.
He said: "This forms part of our wider vision for the Tube, which includes a 24-hour weekend service on core parts of the network."
But the changes have led to previous strikes by the Aslef and RMT unions.
Labour's London Assembly transport spokeswoman Val Shawcross said: "When he was elected, Boris Johnson promised Londoners he would protect the capital's ticket offices, but today he starts the process of dismantling each and every one of them.
"Whilst there is obviously a big role for ticket machines to play, there is no substitute for a member of staff."
London Underground said after 100 meetings with unions the number of roles to be reduced had fallen from 950 to 897 with no member of staff facing compulsory redundancy or losing money. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that two London Underground stations will close, but the article does not mention any station closures. Instead, it talks about the redeployment of staff from ticket offices to other areas of the station.
2. The summary mentions the saving of £50m annually, but the article does not mention this figure. Instead, it talks about the wider vision for the Tube, including a 24-hour weekend service on core parts of the network.
3. The summary quotes Manuel Cortes, the leader of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association, as saying that talks on the safety implications of closing over 250 stations have not even been concluded. However, the article does not mention any plans to close over 250 stations.
4. The summary mentions that all stations would remain staffed, but the article states that 150 new ticket machines will be installed by April 2016, which suggests that some stations may have fewer staff.
5. The summary quotes Val Shawcross, Labour's London Assembly transport spokeswoman, as saying that Boris Johnson promised to protect the capital's ticket offices, but the article does not mention any such promise.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not present in the article, and omits other important information that is present in the article.

###Corrected:
