<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
A journalist and stock market officials are among those arrested, Xinhua said. It gave no other details.
Chinese shares fell by nearly 8% after a week of volatile trading that spread fear to global markets.
The Tianjin explosions killed 150 people - with 23 still missing.
A total of 367 people remain in hospital after the 12 August blast at a warehouse where large amounts of toxic chemicals were stored. Twenty are in critical condition, according to Xinhua.
Separately, the UK's Financial Times says Chinese leaders feel they mishandled their stock market rescue efforts.
The paper, quoting an account of a meeting of senior regulatory officials on Thursday, said the government had decided to abandon attempts to boost the stock market and instead step up efforts to punish people suspected of "destabilising the market".
Chinese authorities tightly control information online and have previously prosecuted internet users for spreading rumours.
The rumours described by the latest statement include reports that a man had jumped to his death in Beijing due to the stock market slump and that as many as 1,300 people were killed in Tianjin blasts, Xinhua said.
The news agency said "seditious rumours about China's upcoming commemorations of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II" were also among the offences.
A journalist was also arrested along with several stock market officials, according to a Xinhua report. The journalist, Wang Xiaolu, is accused of "spreading fake information" about the market slump, the report said.
The state news agency said Mr Wang confessed that he "wrote fake report on Chinese stock market based on hearsay and his own subjective guesses without conducting due verifications".
In 2013 Chinese authorities introduced a possible three-year sentence for spreading rumours - the sentence was supposed to apply to anyone who posted a rumour that was reposted 500 times or viewed 5,000 times.
Last year, Qin Zhihui, a blogger, was sentenced to three years in a government crackdown on internet rumours. Mr Qin was found guilty of "slander" and "picking quarrels and provoking troubles", state broadcaster CCTV said at the time.
</Article>

<Summary>
china\'s state-run news agency xinhua says it has arrested more than 100 people in connection with the blasts in tianjin last month, state
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "more than 100 people",
  "last month",
  "news agency xinhua",
  "it has arrested more than 100 people",
  "more than 100",
  "state-run"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "more than 100 people": The article states that "a journalist and stock market officials are among those arrested" and does not mention a specific number of arrests. The summary, however, states that "more than 100 people" have been arrested, which is not supported by the article.
2. "last month": The article does not mention the time frame of the arrests. The summary states that the arrests were "last month," which is not consistent with the article.
3. "news agency xinhua": The article states that Xinhua is a state-run news agency, but the summary does not include this detail.
4. "it has arrested more than 100 people": The article does not state that Xinhua has arrested anyone. The summary is incorrect in attributing the arrests to Xinhua.
5. "more than 100": The article does not mention the specific number of arrests, so the summary's use of "more than 100" is not consistent with the article.
6. "state-run": The article mentions that Xinhua is a state-run news agency, but the summary does not include this detail.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not supported by the article, such as the number of arrests and the time frame of the arrests. Additionally, the summary attributes the arrests to Xinhua, which is not correct according to the article.

###Corrected:
