<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Ryan Walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh Festival in 2015.
The 42-year-old said only two people refused out of the 103 people he asked due to being in a hurry and having a bad hair day.
Now the father-of-three's pictures will go on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall, Dalmeny Street, in August.
Mr Walls told the BBC Scotland news website how he took photographs of a hen party, stag do, football fans, a chef, a high court judge and a TV agony aunt from Kuwait.
He said: "Everyone was so nice. One of the pictures is of a passenger who was in such a hurry that he couldn't wait for another taxi when I discovered the central locking system was broken so I had to pull him in and out of the taxi window.
"I also had an elderly former English teacher who had suddenly decided she wanted to go out to a show at the festival at the last minute and she had lots of words of encouragement for me so I really enjoyed chatting with her.
"I also got a Jambo fan and was worried I wasn't going to get a Hibs fan but luckily I did.
"I'm really interested in people and wanted to capture that moment in my cab, I only had seconds to take a few pictures and I'm really pleased with the end result."
The exhibition runs from 31 July until 5 August.
</Article>

<Summary>
an edinburgh taxi driver who took thousands of people to a festival has revealed he has been given the chance to take up the art exhibition.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "he has been given the chance to take up the art exhibition",
  "thousands",
  "revealed he has been given the chance to take up the art"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "he has been given the chance to take up the art exhibition" - The article does not mention anything about the taxi driver being given the chance to take up an art exhibition. The article only mentions that his photographs will be on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall.
2. "thousands" - The article does not mention the word "thousands" or any specific number of passengers that the taxi driver took to the festival. The article only mentions that he took pictures of 101 passengers.
3. "revealed he has been given the chance to take up the art" - The article does not mention anything about the taxi driver being given the chance to take up an art exhibition. The article only mentions that his photographs will be on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not present in the article. The summary should only have included information that is directly supported by the article.

###Corrected:
