<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Marcy Smith was woken up by her son David to find their house in Glovertown, Newfoundland and Labrador, completely engulfed in flames.
The whole family was able to escape, but their house is destroyed and their dog and cats did not make it.
Mrs Smith said if it wasn't for her son, she and her daughter probably wouldn't have survived.
David was on FaceTime to his father at the time, so was the only one awake and saw the flames out of the corner of his eye.
"Within seconds of him getting us up, the flames were everywhere," Mrs Smith told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
"It happened so fast. We were standing in the kitchen by the wood stove and the flames just ate around me and David. The entire kitchen just disappeared while we were standing in it."
She said the fire was started by some rubbish she burned in the wood stove, something she had done "a thousand times" before. The fire alarm did not go off.
The family had nothing but pyjamas on when they fled, but Mrs Smith said the community has rallied behind them, donating clothes and shoes and even a bike for her son.
"All he understands is that me and his sister and him got out. He does not understand that he is the only reason we did," she said.
"He did a huge thing for such a young boy. I am so proud of him and I am going to tell him for the rest of his life until he understands what a big thing he did."
</Article>

<Summary>
the family of a man who died in a blaze at her home in canadian, canada, have said they are ``devastated\'\'by the blaze.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "devastated",
  "family of a man who died in a blaze at her home in canadian, canada",
  "died"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "devastated" - The word "devastated" does not appear in the article. The article states that the family is "proud" of their son for saving their lives, not devastated.
2. "family of a man who died in a blaze at her home in canadian, canada" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because there is no mention of anyone dying in the blaze. The article states that the family escaped the fire, but their dog and cats did not survive.
3. "died" - There is no mention of anyone dying in the blaze in the article. The article states that the family escaped the fire, but their dog and cats did not survive.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not present in the article. Specifically, it implies that someone died in the blaze, which is not true according to the article.

###Corrected:
