<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The world number 45 took the first set but lost 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 6-4 against the reigning US Open champion.
Edmund, 21, impressed but Wawrinka broke serve at 3-2 in the second set and twice in the decider to win in two hours 36 minutes.
The Swiss 31-year-old will play third seed Kei Nishikori in the semi-finals.
Canadian top seed and defending champion Milos Raonic beat 14-time Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal 4-6 6-3 6-4 to reach the last four.
The world number three will play Bulgarian seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov, who beat Austrian Dominic Thiem.
British number four Aljaz Bedene was also knocked at the quarter-final stage of the Chennai Open in India on Friday.
The world number 101 lost 6-3 6-0 to French fifth seed Benoit Paire.
</Article>

<Summary>
british number two kyle edmund was knocked out of the australian open in the second round of the rogers cup in toronto.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "british number two kyle edmund was knocked out of the australian open in the second round of the rogers cup in toronto"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "The world number 45 took the first set but lost 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 6-4 against the reigning US Open champion." This implies that Kyle Edmund, the British player, lost the match.
2. However, the summary states that "british number two kyle edmund was knocked out of the australian open in the second round of the rogers cup in toronto." This is inconsistent with the article, as there is no mention of the Australian Open or the Rogers Cup in the article.
3. The article does mention the Toronto tournament, but it is in the context of the Swiss player, Stan Wawrinka, who will play in the semi-finals.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it incorrectly states that Kyle Edmund was knocked out of the Australian Open, when in fact he lost to Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.

I hope this helps clarify the consistency issues in the summary!

###Corrected:
