<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    former nfl footballer john phillips has been found guilty of killing his former girlfriend. 

    Article: 
    Officials believe Lawrence Phillips, 40, killed himself early on Wednesday.
In the 1990s, he was a star player at the University of Nebraska, making him a sought-after rookie in the NFL.
Phillips played for the St Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers until 1999, but he was plagued by trouble on and off the field.
After his NFL career, Phillips continued to have problems with the law.
Eventually, he was sent to prison after being convicted of assault for driving his car into a group of teenagers.
In another case, he was convicted of assaulting a former girlfriend.
Phillips, who was serving a term of more than 30 years, had been placed in a cell alone after he was accused of killing his former cellmate.
On Tuesday, a judge found that there was enough evidence to try Phillips in the death of Damion Soward, 37.
It is unclear how he took his own life.
"He was an intelligent person and had some good qualities," Tom Osborne, his coach at Nebraska, told the Associated Press news agency.
"Yet he had some anger issues and couldn't overcome the demons in his life.'' 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can explain why the given summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps:

1. The summary states that John Phillips was found guilty of killing his former girlfriend, but the article does not mention anything about him being found guilty of murder or any other crime.
2. The article only mentions that officials believe Lawrence Phillips (not John Phillips) killed himself early on Wednesday. There is no mention of him being found guilty of any crime.
3. The summary mentions that Phillips played for the NFL, but the article does not mention anything about his football career.
4. The article mentions that Phillips was sent to prison after being convicted of assault, but the summary does not mention anything about his criminal history.
5. The summary mentions that Phillips had anger issues, but the article does not mention anything about his personality or personal struggles.

Therefore, based on these inconsistencies, it is clear that the given summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
