<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ukip leadership candidate suzanne evans has announced she will not stand in the party\'s leadership contest. 

    Article: 
    Ms Evans, who is currently suspended from UKIP, said she would "very much like" to run but a "handful of people at the top" had ensured she could not.
Ms Evans' six-month ban for bringing the party into disrepute - claims she has dismissed - means she cannot stand.
She said she would back councillor Lisa Duffy to succeed Nigel Farage.
Ms Evans said UKIP needed to "break free of its hard-right image and set itself firmly in the common sense centre-ground" and also conduct some "internal reform".
The leadership contest has been prompted by Mr Farage's decision to stand down following the UK's vote to leave the European Union, saying his "political ambition has been achieved".
In a statement in Westminster, Ms Evans, who had been touted as a possible successor, said: "I'd very much like to run in that election.
"Unfortunately there are a handful of people at the top of UKIP who, for whatever personal reasons of their own, have made quite sure I can't."
She claimed the party rulebook had been "abused" to suspend her to prevent her from representing the party in May's London Assembly elections and the upcoming leadership contest.
Her six-month suspension handed down in March came after an internal disciplinary meeting found she had publicly criticised a fellow candidate and held herself out as a party spokeswoman without authority.
Ms Evans - who has always rejected the claims against her - lost a High Court bid to overturn the decision.
In the statement, she said: "I have to face up to reality, there's no way they're going to allow me to put my name on the ballot paper... I've now given up hope of becoming the next leader of UKIP."
Ms Evans said she had questioned whether to stay on in a party that "allows, and arguably encourages senior figures to behave like this", but she said the support from members had made her "more determined ever not to give up on UKIP".
She also said that with the right leader, the "sky was the limit for the party".
Endorsing Lisa Duffy, a district councillor for Ramsey in Cambridgeshire, Ms Evans said she was "the best chance" UKIP had to "change, to grow and to thrive".
She said UKIP needed "a clean break from the past" to become more like a political party than "just a rugby club on tour".
Under Ms Duffy's leadership, she argued, the party would be "more united and consensual".
Prior to her suspension Ms Evans wrote UKIP's 2015 general election manifesto. She was axed from her policy role in the party in-fighting which followed Mr Farage's "unresignation" after the general election.
Mr Farage has denied her ban was due to criticism of him. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I can explain why the summary is not consistent with the article. Here are the steps:

Step 1: Identify the main points of the summary.
The summary states that Suzanne Evans, a UKIP leadership candidate, has announced that she will not stand in the party's leadership contest.

Step 2: Identify the main points of the article.
The article states that Ms. Evans is currently suspended from UKIP and cannot stand in the leadership contest due to a six-month ban for bringing the party into disrepute. She claims that a "handful of people at the top" have ensured she cannot stand, and she will back councillor Lisa Duffy to succeed Nigel Farage.

Step 3: Identify the inconsistencies.
The inconsistency is that the summary states that Ms. Evans will not stand in the leadership contest, while the article states that she cannot stand due to her suspension and ban.

Step 4: Analyze the reasons for the inconsistency.
The inconsistency is likely due to the fact that the summary is based on Ms. Evans' statement that she will not stand in the leadership contest, while the article provides additional information about her suspension and ban, which prevents her from standing.

Step 5: Evaluate the impact of the inconsistency.
The inconsistency may lead to confusion for readers who may not be aware of Ms. Evans' suspension and ban. It may also lead to a misrepresentation of the facts, as the summary suggests that Ms. Evans has chosen not to stand in the leadership contest, while the article indicates that she is unable to do so due to her suspension.

Overall, the inconsistency between the summary and the article is due to the fact that the summary is based on Ms. Evans' statement, while the article provides additional information about her suspension and ban. This inconsistency may lead to confusion and a misrepresentation of the facts.

###Corrected:
