<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday.
There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme.
But Unite regional officer Steve Harley said: "We had productive talks and we were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured."
Unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that its members presently have an alternative pension scheme which is unaffected the takeover.
The Boparan Private Office, the "chicken king" Mr Boparan's private investment, confirmed that the current pension arrangements with Bernard Matthews would continue under the new ownership.
Mr Harley met with representatives from Boparan at the Great Witchingham headquarters.
He said: "It was made clear that the new owner wishes to restore Bernard Matthews to its former position as a highly profitable business.
"This would be achieved by greater investment in the business, cost savings and utilising the present spare capacity at Bernard Matthews to process chicken and not just turkeys."
</Article>

<Summary>
the new owners of the bernard matthews have said they are ``dismayed\'\'that a new pension scheme will be held in the uk.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the new owners, Ranjit Boparan, have given guarantees that all current agreements, including the pension scheme, will be honored.
2. The article also states that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004 and that current employees have an alternative pension scheme that is unaffected by the takeover.
3. The summary states that the new owners are "dismayed" that a new pension scheme will be held in the UK.
4. This statement in the summary is not consistent with the information in the article, as the article states that the current pension arrangements will continue under the new ownership.
5. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

Reasoning step by step:

1. The article provides information about the takeover of Bernard Matthews by Ranjit Boparan and the guarantees given by the new owners to honor all current agreements, including the pension scheme.
2. The article also provides information about the closure of the final salary pension scheme in 2004 and the alternative pension scheme that exists for current employees.
3. The summary states that the new owners are "dismayed" that a new pension scheme will be held in the UK, which is not consistent with the information in the article.
4. Therefore, the summary is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
