<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    former world champion williamson norfolk says she is ``lucky to be alive\'\'after suffering a serious neck injury in a motorbike crash. 

    Article: 
    The 22-year-old fractured her neck and back, dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final.
Norfolk's Williamson spent four weeks in hospital after January's accident.
"They were pretty sure paralysis was going to be the outcome while I was in Rotterdam, but luckily I pulled through," she told BBC Look East.
"Being an athlete, I think they said because my neck and back were so strong I was able to withstand the force.
"Although I did break a few bones, my spinal cord stayed intact and I'm here to live another day."
Racing at the event was cancelled after the 2013 World Championships bronze medallist's crash, with fans asked to leave the velodrome.
"I have no memories, which is probably pretty good," she said. "It's not going to put me off in the future," she said.
"I remember holding onto the fence getting ready to roll up to the final and then next thing I know I was in hospital and someone was telling me I'd had an accident. I just responded with 'did I win?'. That was all I was worried about."
Williamson hopes to be back "easy riding" on a bike by the end of the summer and says she has the right support around her to make a full recovery.
Media playback is not supported on this device
"I'm going to get back on a bike eventually," she added. "I've got no timescale yet, but I don't know what level I'll be able to get to. I'll give it a good go.
"I've got the full support team behind me, I've got physios, doctors. We've got the world's best. At the end of the day, we're a great programme, so I've got every chance of getting back to where I was." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Williamson says she is "lucky to be alive" after suffering a serious neck injury, but in the article, she says she is lucky that her spinal cord stayed intact and she is here to live another day.

2. The summary does not mention that Williamson fractured her neck and back, dislocated her pelvis, and slipped a disc in her neck, which are all mentioned in the article.

3. The summary states that racing at the event was cancelled after Williamson's crash, but the article does not mention this.

4. The summary quotes Williamson as saying "I have no memories, which is probably pretty good", but the article does not mention this quote.

5. The summary states that Williamson hopes to be back "easy riding" on a bike by the end of the summer, but the article does not mention this.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the information in the article, and some of the quotes and details are not present in the article.

###Corrected:
