<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Stephen Hammond said job roles would change when the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in October.
The minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM Mike Hedges.
Mr Hedges said the minister's response would "give comfort" to DVLA employees.
Concerns over the future of some of the 5,000 workers at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency centre were raised in October after Chancellor George Osborne's Autumn Statement.
The chancellor announced that the tax disc would be replaced with an electronic system in October 2014.
The new system will allow people to pay the charge by monthly direct debit.
Mr Hedges had written to Mr Hammond asking for clarification of the government's intentions.
In his response to Mr Hedges, Mr Hammond said: "It is likely that the introduction of a direct debit scheme may mean there will be a natural reduction in the amount of refunds received, in addition to the withdrawal of the tax disc.
"This may mean changes to job roles and the need to train on new processes.
"Any reductions in numbers of people needed for these activities will be managed through redeploying to other growth areas of the business."
Mr Hedges welcomed the minister's assurances.
He added: "Whilst disappointed that the changes will reduce the number of job opportunities at the DVLA, I can see the advantages of both paying by monthly direct debits and not having to show a tax disc.
"I am pleased the minister is committed to redeployment rather than redundancies and I am sure this response will give comfort to many concerned DVLA employees."
</Article>

<Summary>
a senior minister has called on the government to introduce a new tax system in the wake of the panama papers scandal.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "senior",
  "panama papers scandal",
  "called on the government"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "senior" - The article does not mention the word "senior" to describe the minister. The article only mentions "Stephen Hammond" as the minister who responded to the letter. Therefore, the word "senior" is not supported by the article.
2. "panama papers scandal" - The article does not mention the "Panama Papers" scandal at all. The article is about the changes to the car tax system in the UK and the potential impact on DVLA employees. Therefore, this phrase is not supported by the article.
3. "called on the government" - The article does not mention the minister "calling on the government" to introduce a new tax system. Instead, the minister responded to a letter from an AM (Assembly Member) regarding the changes to the car tax system. Therefore, this phrase is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article. The three spans highlighted are not supported by the article, and therefore the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
