<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Media playback is not supported on this device
The former Reds captain, 36, is to return to his former club as a youth coach in February in what will be his first job since retiring as a player.
Klopp said he "had a good long chat" with the ex-England skipper, describing his appointment as "wonderful news".
"He said he wants to be a manager in the future. That's cool," Klopp added.
"It was important to know what Steven wants. Being a manager is a job you have to learn and he is ready to make steps.
"Combining his playing experience with all the things he has to learn, he has a bright future. Everyone in this room knows better than I do he is a wonderful guy and it's wonderful news for football."
Gerrard made his Liverpool debut in 1998 and left Anfield at the end of the 2014-15 season to join MLS side LA Galaxy having won the Champions League, Uefa Cup, FA Cup and League Cup on three occasions.
He retired as a player in November after a 19-year career.
Gerrard had been linked with the manager's job at League One side MK Dons after announcing he would leave LA Galaxy, but said the opportunity came "too soon" for him.
He is also working towards his Uefa A coaching licence, which is required to manage in the Premier League.
</Article>

<Summary>
liverpool have appointed former liverpool captain steven gerrard as their new manager.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "liverpool",
  "former liverpool captain"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Steven Gerrard is returning to Liverpool as a youth coach, but the summary claims that Liverpool has appointed him as their new manager. This is not consistent with the information in the article.
2. The article mentions that Gerrard is coming back to Liverpool as a youth coach in February, but the summary does not provide any information about the timing of his appointment.
3. The article states that Gerrard is working towards his Uefa A coaching licence, but the summary does not mention this.
4. The article refers to Gerrard as a "former Reds captain", but the summary simply says "former liverpool captain". This is not consistent with the article's use of "Reds" to refer to Liverpool.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the information in the article. It is not consistent in its use of language and omits important details, such as the timing of Gerrard's appointment and his current coaching status.

###Corrected:
