<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The emergency services were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00.
Police Scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time. Her relatives have been informed.
Det Insp Richard Baird said the fire was not thought to be suspicious, but the damage caused had prevented entry to the property.
He said: "A joint investigation with the fire service will be carried out.
"Enquiries are at a very early stage, however, initial enquiries would suggest there are no suspicious circumstances.
"Due to the extensive structural damage and uncertainty of the building, gaining access to the property will take some considerable time.
"Structural engineers will advise when it will be safe to enter the property."
</Article>

<Summary>
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in west lothian.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in west lothian.",
  "a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in west lothian"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the fire was not thought to be suspicious, and that initial enquiries suggest there are no suspicious circumstances.
2. The summary, on the other hand, states that a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson.
3. These two statements are inconsistent with each other. If the fire was not thought to be suspicious and there are no suspicious circumstances, then it is unlikely that a man would be arrested on suspicion of arson.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article.

The specific spans in the summary that have consistency issues are the two instances of "a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in west lothian." These statements are not supported by the article, and are therefore inconsistent with the rest of the text.

###Corrected:
