<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The jazz film is the follow up to director Damien Chazelle's Academy Award-winning film Whiplash.
The People's Choice, voted for by the audience, has proved to be a decent predictor for Oscars success in recent years.
Previous winners include 12 Years a Slave and The King's Speech.
La La Land, set for release in December, stars Stone as an aspiring actress in Los Angeles who meets a jazz pianist (Gosling) who is trying to stay true to the music he has devoted himself to.
The film also stars singer John Legend and JK Simmons, who won an Oscar for best supporting actor for his performance in Whiplash.
La La Land has enjoyed rave reviews since premiering at the Venice Film Festival in August.
Chazelle wrote the script six years ago but was not able to persuade anyone to make it until he broke through with Whiplash in 2014.
Stone, who won the best actress prize at Venice for her La La Land role, previously starred with Gosling in Crazy, Stupid, Love.
Toronto's Platform prize for international directors was won by Pablo Larrain for Jackie, the Jacqueline Kennedy biopic starring Natalie Portman.
Raoul Peck won the People's Choice documentary award for I Am Not Your Negro, which follows the lives and assassinations of Martin Luther King Jr, Malcolm X and Medgar Evers.
The film is based on James Baldwin's unfinished book, Remember This House.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
</Article>

<Summary>
la la land film la la land has won the top prize at the venice film festival.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "won the top prize",
  "won the top"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "won the top prize" - This phrase is not consistent with the article because the article does not mention any prize won by La La Land. Instead, it mentions that the film has enjoyed rave reviews since premiering at the Venice Film Festival.
2. "won the top" - This phrase is also not consistent with the article because there is no mention of La La Land winning any prize or topping anything. The article only mentions that the film has received rave reviews.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it makes claims about La La Land winning prizes or topping anything, which are not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
