<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Media playback is not supported on this device
United remain 15 points clear at the top of the table with eight games left after a 1-0 win at Sunderland.
"We are not concerned with what we have left behind us, we are only focusing on what is in front of us," said Ferguson.
"The players have created a record with 25 wins out of the first 30 matches and that tells you a lot about the club."
He added: "The next league game is the derby against Manchester City and we are going to go into that with a 15-point headstart on City.
Manchester United have won 50 of a possible 54 points in their last 18 Premier League games.
Man Utd have eight matches remaining to better Chelsea's record 95-point haul in 2005.
"The focus is good and the only thing that matters is to win your next game."
Ferguson will make changes for Monday's FA Cup quarter-final replay at Chelsea after seeing Rafael and Anderson suffer injuries at Sunderland, while goalkeeper David De Gea also suffered a knock after a heavy collision with team-mate Nemanja Vidic.
"Our goalkeeper was knocked out for a spell and we picked up a couple of other injuries [at Sunderland] but we dealt with that well," said Ferguson, who did not start with returning England players Wayne Rooney, Danny Welbeck and Tom Cleverley on Saturday.
"There will be changes at Chelsea. We will have to wait and see how Wayne is. He was a bit tired after getting back from the England match.
"We will have Ryan Giggs and Javier Hernandez available and there were a couple of others [including Rio Ferdinand] who I did not take to Sunderland.
"It was a battle in the second half but in the first half we played very well and deserved to be in front, and you have to give credit to Sunderland.
"They had a real go at us and made it much more difficult for us but we owe our win to determined defending and a lot of courage."
</Article>

<Summary>
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says his side are capable of beating premier league leaders manchester city in the premier league.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson believes his side can beat Premier League leaders Manchester City in the Premier League.
2. However, the article does not contain any quote or statement from Ferguson regarding Manchester City.
3. The article only mentions Ferguson's comments about United's current form and their focus on the next league game against Chelsea.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article as it attributes a statement to Ferguson that is not present in the article.

Conclusion: The summary is not accurate as it contains information that is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
