<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, said she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty.
She was only brought out on Saturday morning after security forces found a teacher she knew to convince her it was safe to come out.
Ms Cheroitich said her ordeal began at around 05:30 (02:30 GMT) on Thursday when she and her fellow students were in class studying for their exams.
"Suddenly, we heard the bullets and then we started coming out and then we said: 'What is happening?'" she told the Associated Press news agency.
"We ran to our rooms, then these people came running, following us. When we reached our rooms, we hide under the beds."
She said that their pursuers told them to come out of their hiding places, but she decided to hide in the wardrobe instead where she covered herself with some clothes.
It was then that the gunmen entered the room. Ms Cheroitich described a scenario that other survivors have alluded to.
Her roommates were taken out and divided up between those who were able to recite verses of the Koran and those who were not.
It was not clear what happened to them.
She said she found some bottles of body lotion where she was hiding and "drank all of them", describing it as "nice and lovely".
But she was too scared to move. "I was just praying to my God," she said.
It was not until 10:00 on Saturday, long after the attack ended, that the authorities were able to persuade her to come out.
She told AP: "You know at first I did not believe it [when police came to rescue her], at first I was thinking that maybe they were the al-Shabab.  So I said: 'How do I know that you are the Kenyan police?'"
It was only after a member of the college staff came to convince her that it was safe to come out that she emerged.
</Article>

<Summary>
a woman in the us state of virginia has told how she was sexually assaulted by a gang in the capital, nairobi.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "a woman in the us state of virginia has told how she was sexually assaulted by a gang in the capital, nairobi"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article is about an attack on a college in Kenya, specifically the Garissa University College, where gunmen attacked students and staff, killing several people and taking others hostage.
2. The summary states that a woman in the US state of Virginia has told how she was sexually assaulted by a gang in the capital, Nairobi. This is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of Virginia or sexual assault in the article.
3. The article does mention that the attackers separated the students into groups based on their ability to recite verses of the Koran, but there is no mention of sexual assault.
4. The summary is not supported by the article, as there is no information about a woman in Virginia being sexually assaulted by a gang in Nairobi.

Therefore, the consistency issues in the summary are:

* The location of the attack (Virginia instead of Kenya)
* The type of attack (sexual assault instead of a mass shooting)

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any other questions.

###Corrected:
