<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the republic of ireland\'s historic town and business centre may be one of the country\'s great landmarks. 

    Article: 
    All glass and concrete beside a fast-flowing stream, the Longford Town Centre was to be a cathedral of commerce - now it stands as a monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn.
But local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing.
Matt O'Brien runs a family-owned men's clothing shop in the town centre.
Recent years have been bad - 30% down on the boom - with a member of staff having to be laid off.
But he can now see a turnaround.
"Over the last year we've noticed that business has increased, although it was coming from a low base, but we have improved," he says.
"We've done extra things to try to improve things. We've got into childrenswear and we do a very substantial dress-hire business. We've branched out into other areas, which have helped us."
Fianna Fáil, the main opposition party, is highly critical of how the Fine Gael-Labour coalition is dealing with the midlands, arguing that the half-a-billion euro investment in water meters that won't be operational for several years should instead be spent on broadband improvement.
Its local TD Robert Troy accuses the government of negligence and says a targeted approach is needed for the area.
"The Industrial Development Authority (IDA) haven't brought one potential client to Longford in over four years," he says.
"And if the IDA, which is charged with bringing foreign direct investment to the regions, isn't marketing Longford, isn't showing Longford to potential clients, how then can we expect foreign direct investment to come to Longford?"
But the government says it is doing its bit for County Longford, with the recent announcement that holiday company Center Parcs hopes to employ about 1,000 people at its planned tourism development in Ballymahon in the county when it opens in 2019.
However, the proposed 200m euro (£146m) centre in 340 acres of wooded area still has to get planning permission.
Nevertheless, James Bannon, the local Fine Gael TD, is confident the venture will be a success.
He says: "The midlands has some of the finest scenery and watersports that you could avail of anywhere in the world.
"You have the Shannon, just three miles from here you have the River Inny, you have the Royal Canal, you have huge infrastructure here and we're always open for new tourists to come in to this area."
The Center Parcs announcement will not harm the government's chances in next year's expected general election, but traders like Matt O'Brien believe more could be done to boost local business.
"At the moment a lot of people are unhappy at paying for parking on the street," he says.
"Some of our neighbouring towns don't have parking charges. There are issues with the council and if we had free parking it would help bring more people into the town."
So, the message coming from the midlands is that while it, too, is starting to see the beginnings of an economic recovery more still needs to be done. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the Longford Town Centre is a "historic town and business centre," giving the impression that it is a thriving and established commercial area. However, the article describes the town centre as a "monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn," indicating that it is not a thriving area.
2. The summary mentions "recent years have been bad," but the article states that the town has been struggling for much longer, with the Industrial Development Authority not bringing any potential clients to Longford in over four years.
3. The summary suggests that the government is doing its bit for County Longford, with the announcement of the holiday company Center Parcs' planned tourism development. However, the article notes that the proposed 200m euro center still has to get planning permission and that traders like Matt O'Brien believe more could be done to boost local business.
4. The summary implies that the town is starting to see an economic recovery, with businesses like Matt O'Brien's men's clothing shop noticing an increase in business. However, the article states that the recovery is still in its early stages and that more needs to be done to support local businesses.

Overall, the summary presents a more positive and established picture of the Longford Town Centre than the article actually describes. The article paints a picture of a struggling town that is only just starting to see signs of economic recovery, rather than a thriving commercial center.

###Corrected:
