<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Media playback is unsupported on your device
31 March 2014 Last updated at 12:30 BST
It will be able to issue warning and banning orders against agents acting dishonestly or breaching estate agent laws.
The move follows a decision by the UK government to disband the OFT.
Powys won the competitive bidding process to deliver the service in place of the OFT and will receive Â£170,000 a year to carry out the work.
People complaining about estate agents will still contact their local authority trading standards department, who will prosecute offenders if necessary.
However they will refer cases to Powys if they believe parts of the Estate Agents Act have been breached.
James Munro from Powys council, who will lead the new team, has said he hopes it will show Powys could take on more contracts and outside work in future.
He spoke to Radio Wales' Good Morning Wales' Peter Johnson about what the new role will involve.
</Article>

<Summary>
the national crime agency (nca) has announced it will launch a new role service in powys.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "the national crime agency (nca) has announced it will launch a new role service in powys"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "Powys won the competitive bidding process to deliver the service in place of the OFT and will receive £170,000 a year to carry out the work." (emphasis added)
2. The summary states "the national crime agency (nca) has announced it will launch a new role service in powys."
3. The article does not mention anything about the National Crime Agency (NCA) or a new role service. Instead, it talks about Powys winning a bidding process to deliver a service in place of the Office of Fair Trading (OFT).
4. Therefore, the statement in the summary is not consistent with the information in the article. The NCA is not mentioned in the article, and there is no mention of a new role service.

So, the reason why the summary is not consistent with the article is that it includes information that is not present in the article. Specifically, the reference to the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the new role service is not supported by the information in the article.

###Corrected:
