<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The move is part of national fire service reforms unveiled by Home Secretary Theresa May last week.
Sussex PCC Katy Bourne said emergency services would have an increased duty to collaborate under the new bill.
But West Sussex County Council (WSCC) said it already had an excellent model.
East Sussex's fire authority said it would co-operate with the PCC but it believed collaboration could be achieved without elaborate structural change.
Ms Bourne said she had written to WSCC leader Louise Goldsmith and Phil Howson, East Sussex Fire Authority chairman, to request they begin to look at the feasibility of bringing both fire services under her authority.
"Just as we have one police force that effectively manages the county, we need to understand if one fire service not two could achieve the same," she said.
Ms Bourne's letter met with cross-party opposition from WSCC.
And Ms Goldsmith also invited the home secretary to visit West Sussex and see an alternative to the government's preferred plan.
Ms Goldsmith said West Sussex fire service was already integrated within the council and served communities.
She added last year's Shoreham air disaster showed how West Sussex emergency services already worked together.
East Sussex Fire Authority said it was willing to co-operate with the PCC to determine whether proposals could improve delivery of services and create efficiencies.
In a statement, it added: "[The fire authority] believes whilst close collaboration between the emergency services is essential, it can be achieved without elaborate structural change.
"It is also the fire authority's considered view that it is more accountable to the community it serves because its members are elected councillors."
</Article>

<Summary>
a new fire service is to be set up to oversee a new fire service in east sussex, it has been announced.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "a new fire service is to be set up to oversee a new fire service"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the proposal is for one fire service to cover both East and West Sussex, not for a new fire service to be set up.
2. The article quotes Sussex PCC Katy Bourne as saying that she has written to the leaders of West Sussex County Council (WSCC) and East Sussex Fire Authority to request that they explore the feasibility of bringing both fire services under her authority.
3. The article also quotes WSCC leader Louise Goldsmith as saying that West Sussex fire service is already integrated within the council and serves the community, and that she has invited the home secretary to visit West Sussex to see an alternative to the government's preferred plan.
4. The article does not mention anything about setting up a new fire service.
5. Therefore, the statement in the summary that "a new fire service is to be set up to oversee a new fire service" is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that a new fire service is being set up, when in fact the proposal is for one fire service to cover both East and West Sussex.

###Corrected:
