<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013.
There has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used.
The bags end up in rubbish dumps and even rivers causing big problems for the environment.
From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones that they already have.
Supermarkets in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, where people are charged for carrier bags, have all seen a decrease in bags used.
Campaigners are hoping the charge in England will lessen the amount of bags being thrown away, helping the environment.
</Article>

<Summary>
the number of people using plastic carrier bags in england has reached a record high.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the number of plastic carrier bags in England has gone up by 200 million since 2013. This implies that the number of people using plastic carrier bags in England has increased, not reached a record high.
2. The article also states that there has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used. This suggests that the increase in the number of plastic carrier bags is causing environmental problems.
3. The article further states that from October, people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones that they already have. This implies that the government is taking steps to address the problem of plastic carrier bags, but it does not suggest that the number of people using plastic carrier bags has reached a record high.
4. Therefore, the summary statement "the number of people using plastic carrier bags in England has reached a record high" is not consistent with the information in the article. The article actually suggests that the number of plastic carrier bags is increasing, but the government is taking steps to address the problem.

###Corrected:
