<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters.
The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year.
But Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off.
They include the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith, who met violent ends in Orange is the New Black and Wentworth respectively.
The report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television, thanks mostly to shows like Empire, Luke Cage and How to Get Away with Murder.
Glaad's Where We Are on TV study based its findings on scripted broadcast, cable and streaming series already being shown or for which casting had been confirmed.
Glaad's president Sarah Kate Ellis said it was "heartening to see progress being made" but said numbers were "only part of the story".
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
</Article>

<Summary>
the number of transgender and minority characters in the us has increased by more than a third in the year, according to a new report.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "us",
  "more than a third",
  "minority characters in the us",
  "more than a third in the year"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "us": The article does not mention the United States specifically. The study analyzed scripted broadcast, cable, and streaming series in the US, but the article does not limit the findings to the US. The summary should not have included "us" to make it more inclusive.
2. "more than a third": The article states that the number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16, which is an increase of 117.64% (not "more than a third"). The summary should have used the correct percentage increase instead of a rough estimate.
3. "minority characters in the us": The article does not mention "minority characters" specifically. The study found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television, but the article does not limit the findings to black characters. The summary should not have included "minority characters" to make it more inclusive.
4. "more than a third in the year": The article states that the number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16, which is an increase of 117.64% in one year. The summary should have used the correct time frame instead of "in the year" to make it more precise.

Therefore, the summary should have been written as follows to ensure consistency with the article:

"The number of transgender characters has increased by 117.64% in one year, according to a new report. The study found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television."

###Corrected:
