<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
London 2012 Olympian Andrew Lawrence scored 14 points while NBA player Ben Gordon added 13.
Coach Joe Prunty's team led for most of the first three quarters before being overhauled by their guests in the last 10 minutes of a well-contested game.
GB now begin their Eurobasket qualifying campaign with a game in Hungary in midweek.
"The key to the qualifiers will be completing on every play. We have to make sure that we're going as hard as we can on both ends of the floor," Prunty told BBC Sport.
"I think at times tonight we lost a little of our fire."
Prunty turned to his strongest line-up in the final warm-up match before he cuts the roster for the six-game qualifying programme.
GB led 35-24 on Lawrence's three in the second quarter but the Dutch took the lead early in the third. Gordon then hit three threes in a row - his first points of the game - to restore GB's advantage.
Netherlands, who were led by 18 points from Worthy De Jong, scored the first 10 points of the fourth quarter to lead 71-60 and held on to win despite the hosts' comeback in the last six minutes.
Prunty was pleased with the contribution of Gordon, a player who has joined the team despite missing out on the place available to him for London 2012.
He said: "You're always trying to find to your rhythm as a player and with one another. I thought he [Gordon] had a good showing tonight, he certainly had a very good stretch in the third quarter."
</Article>

<Summary>
great britain women\'s hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by croatia.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "women\\'s",
  "beaten 2-1 by croatia",
  "finals suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by croatia.",
  "finals suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by croatia",
  "women\\'s hopes",
  "suffered a setback"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that "great britain women's hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by croatia."
2. However, the article does not mention anything about the women's team or the Eurobasket finals. It only talks about the men's team and their qualifying campaign.
3. The article does mention that GB led 35-24 on Lawrence's three in the second quarter, but this is not reflected in the summary.
4. The summary also states that "GB were beaten 2-1 by croatia," but the article does not mention Croatia at all.
5. The phrases "women's," "finals suffered a setback," and "suffered a setback" are all inconsistent with the article, as they do not appear in the original text.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article, and the inconsistencies are highlighted in the spans provided.

###Corrected:
