<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the supreme court has rejected a decision by the supreme court to overturn a decision not to publish the naming of a man who has had sex with a girl. 

    Article: 
    He is appealing against an appeal court ruling lifting a ban on him being named in the media in England and Wales.
The Supreme Court said it will now hear arguments about whether it should grant an appeal, and if so, decide if it should be "allowed or dismissed".
An interim injunction will remain in place until the end of the hearing.
On Monday, Court of Appeal judges gave the man - who has young children, and whose spouse is also in the public eye - until 10:00 BST on Tuesday to apply to take the case to the UK Supreme Court.
In that ruling, they said there must be no publication leading to disclosure of the celebrity's identity before 13:00 BST on Wednesday.
The Supreme Court said that interim injunction will now remain in place until the conclusion of the next hearing.
The Sun on Sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra-marital activities by the man, who is referred to as PJS.
But he argues he has a right to privacy and has taken legal action.
Monday's court judgement said the celebrity had "occasional sexual encounters" with another person - referred to in court as AB - starting in 2009.
They had a text message exchange in December 2011 in which they discussed a "three-way" with AB's partner, CD.
Accordingly, the three met for a three-way sexual encounter.
In January, the two other parties approached the Sun On Sunday with the story.
That month a High Court judge refused to impose an injunction barring publication.
But the man appealed and two appeal court judges ruled in his favour. They prevented him being identified in publications in England and Wales.
Lawyers for News Group Newspapers - publishers of the Sun On Sunday - then asked Court of Appeal judges to lift the ban.
They argued that stories had been published in the US, Scotland and elsewhere where the injunction does not apply. The story had also spread across the internet and on Twitter.
PJS opposed that application and said the ban should stay.
On Monday, the judges ruled that PJS was now unlikely to be able to get a permanent injunction
Details about the allegations were now "so widespread" that confidentiality had "probably been lost", they said.
The man's solicitors had been "assiduous" in monitoring the internet and removing stories in breach of the injunction but the judges said that it was now a "hopeless task". 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the Supreme Court has rejected a decision to overturn a decision not to publish the naming of a man who had sex with a girl. However, the article states that the Supreme Court will hear arguments about whether it should grant an appeal and if so, decide if it should be "allowed or dismissed". This implies that the Supreme Court has not yet made a final decision on the matter.
2. The summary mentions an interim injunction that will remain in place until the end of the hearing, but the article states that the interim injunction will now remain in place until the conclusion of the next hearing. This suggests that the interim injunction has been extended or renewed, which is not mentioned in the summary.
3. The summary states that the celebrity had "occasional sexual encounters" with another person, but the article does not mention this detail. Instead, it focuses on the legal battle between the celebrity and the media outlet over the naming of the celebrity.
4. The summary mentions that the two other parties approached the Sun On Sunday with the story in January, but the article states that the story had spread across the internet and on Twitter, which suggests a wider dissemination of the information than what is mentioned in the summary.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the details and nuances of the article. It is not consistent with the article and should not be relied upon as a summary of the content.

###Corrected:
