<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    new swansea city head coach alan curtis says the club have a ``big chance\'\'of being relegated from the premier league. 

    Article: 
    Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley's sacking.
Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice.
"We've got to go with somebody who will to get us out of trouble," he said.
"If we were to go down - and there's obviously that possibility - you look at the Championship and it seems to have got a lot stronger. It's not a foregone conclusion [to go straight back up].
"I know Norwich and Burnley have done it but it's difficult. Newcastle look like they'll do it but they're a big, powerful club who can hang on to a lot of their top players. I'm not sure we'd be able to do that.
"If we go down, it's going to be tough to get back."
Swansea were promoted to the Premier League in 2011 and quickly established a reputation as a well-run club with a team that played exciting, possession-based football.
Their promotion capped a remarkable rise from the brink of bankruptcy a decade earlier and almost being relegated out of the Football League altogether in 2003.
Curtis - a former player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left in 2014.
"I think we have [lost our way]. It's just the change of management all the time," Curtis added.
"The best eras were Roberto Martinez, Brendan Rodgers and Michael Laudrup. But we've probably lost a bit of the 'Swansea Way'. It has been diluted.
"We've lost quite a few players too but have we adequately replaced them?"
Media playback is not supported on this device
Curtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up, and the 62-year-old reminds every new signing of how far the club has come.
"I know a lot of the foreign boys have seen [the documentary] Jack to a King. So they've got a brief history of where we were and where we are now," he said.
"They might not be 100% passionate about it but they know where we came from and how important it is [to stay up]. Not just for the club but for the whole area." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that Alan Curtis believes the club has a "big chance" of being relegated from the Premier League, but the article does not contain any quotes or statements from Curtis suggesting this. In fact, the article quotes Curtis as saying that the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up.
2. The summary implies that Curtis is pessimistic about the team's chances of staying in the Premier League, but the article portrays him as being more optimistic and emphasizing the importance of staying up for the club and the area.
3. The summary mentions nothing about the club's history or the "Swansea Way," but these are major themes in the article. Curtis is quoted as saying that the club has lost its way since Michael Laudrup left in 2014, and he emphasizes the importance of the club's history and tradition.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it misrepresents Curtis's statements and leaves out important details about the club's history and context.

###Corrected:
