<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales.
He told Mr Justice Dove at London's High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled".
"Hopefully, it will be rebuilt on another site with full planning permission," he said.
At a previous hearing, Mr Fidler, 66, had been told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail.
On Monday, Stephen Whale, counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council, told the judge that Mr Fidler had made "very good progress in terms of complying with the requirements of the enforcement notices", but that he had not "fully complied with the requirements".
The house had been "very largely" demolished, he said, but there was "still more to be done", including restoring the land to its former agricultural use.
He said the "technical legal position" was that Mr Fidler remained in contempt of court, but the parties had agreed for the matter to be adjourned for a month to give him "an opportunity completely to comply".
Representing himself, Mr Fidler insisted: "I broke no law. I was looking after my family. I acted in good faith. I am a law-abiding citizen."
He described the four bedroom castle as a "work of art built lawfully", but said he would "fully comply" with the council enforcement notices.
Mr Justice Dove adjourned the case until 4 July, but said he hoped it would not be necessary for it to return to court.
Mr Fidler told him: "I assure you we will not have to come back."
At the end of the hearing, he said to the judge: "When I rebuild my house, I want you to come and see it."
</Article>

<Summary>
a farmer who built a house castle without planning permission has been ordered to return to court.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "farmer"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Robert Fidler is a farmer, but the summary only mentions a "farmer" without specifying that it is Robert Fidler. This inconsistency suggests that the summary may not accurately reflect the article's content.
2. The article provides more details about Robert Fidler's occupation, stating that he built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales. The summary does not include this information.
3. The article also mentions that Robert Fidler is representing himself in court and has been ordered to return to court. The summary does not include this information.

Based on these inconsistencies, it appears that the summary may not accurately reflect the content of the article. Therefore, it is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
