<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at Tuticorin on Tuesday, but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday.
Earlier, 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on Monday.
The last time such an incident occurred in Tuticorin was in 1973 when 147 whales died.
Local fishermen, helped by officials, have been using mechanised boats to float the stranded whales back into the sea, but many of the animals have returned to the shore, BBC Hindi's Imran Qureshi reports.
"This is a well known phenomenon. When there is mass stranding, whales return ashore. Pilot whales are very social animals and they live in groups. They are very aware that some of their group members are in distress on the shore, possibly dead, so they don't wish to go back into the sea," whale expert Dr Kumaran Sathasivam said.
The dead whales are being buried near the shore at Tuticorin, officials say.
</Article>

<Summary>
hundreds of whales have been killed in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh, killing at least 11 whales, officials say.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "hundreds of whales have been killed in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh, killing at least 11 whales, officials say",
  "killed in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh, killing at least 11 whales"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that 36 whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea, but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died. This means that only 8 whales survived out of the 36 that were rescued.
2. The article also states that 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on Monday. This means that a total of 53 whales died (45 + 8).
3. The summary states that "hundreds of whales have been killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh." This is not consistent with the article, as the article only mentions 53 whales dying, not hundreds.
4. The summary also states that "at least 11 whales were killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh." This is also not consistent with the article, as the article states that 53 whales died, not 11.
5. Therefore, the two spans in the summary that have consistency issues are:
	* "hundreds of whales have been killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh"
	* "at least 11 whales were killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh"

These two statements are not supported by the information in the article, and therefore the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
