<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The £45m facility, to be built at Sutherland Drive in Kilmarnock, will house primary and secondary schools, a Gaelic school and a childcare centre.
East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour.
The renowned writer was born and educated in Kilmarnock.
Council leader Douglas Reid said he was delighted to be able to "preserve" the William McIlvanney name in Kilmarnock as the writer was "passionate about the provision of good education for young people".
McIlvanney became an English teacher after graduating from Glasgow University but changed career in 1975 to write full time.
He gained immediate recognition with the publication of his first novel - Remedy Is None - and through other works he earned the title of "Godfather of Tartan Noir".
McIlvanney wrote the acclaimed Laidlaw trilogy and other Glasgow-based works such as Docherty and The Big Man.
He was also an influential poet, journalist and broadcaster, and contributed to political and sporting life in Scotland through a series of columns and TV programmes.
The novelist died at his Glasgow home on 5 December.
</Article>

<Summary>
tributes have been paid to scottish writer william mcilvanney, who has died at the age of 87.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that the council is planning to name a new campus in Kilmarnock after William McIlvanney, but the summary does not mention this.
2. The article mentions that McIlvanney was born and educated in Kilmarnock, but the summary does not include this information.
3. The article states that McIlvanney was a renowned writer and gained immediate recognition with his first novel, but the summary only mentions that tributes have been paid to him.
4. The article provides specific details about McIlvanney's career as a writer, including the fact that he wrote the acclaimed Laidlaw trilogy and other Glasgow-based works, but the summary does not include any of these details.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not provide any information about the council's plans to name the campus after McIlvanney, his birth and education in Kilmarnock, or his career as a writer. The summary only mentions that tributes have been paid to him, which is a much more general and vague statement.

###Corrected:
