<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Wenger, whose club contract runs to the summer, has been linked with the job.
Southgate succeeded Sam Allardyce in September and oversaw England's 2-0 win against Malta as well the disappointing 0-0 draw with Slovenia on Tuesday.
Wenger said Southgate "has accumulated experiences and is a good observer of what's going on in the national team."
Of his own links to the role, the 66-year-old Frenchman added: "I focus on my job, that's what it is about."
Former England international Southgate, 46, has a World Cup qualifier against Scotland at Wembley on 11 November and a friendly against Spain four days later to persuade the Football Association to give him the job on a permanent basis.
Wenger continued: "We're in a job where you get questioned, especially if you have less experience, and the only answer he can give is by showing the decisions he makes are right.
"There's always a demand for big names but the most important thing is the person's competency. He has a good opportunity and I'm happy he has a chance to show he has the quality."
Speaking before his side's game against Swansea on Saturday, Wenger added that 21-year-old defender Hector Bellerin would be offered a new contract by the club.
The Arsenal right-back has been linked with a move, with both Barcelona and Manchester City said to be interested, but Wenger said he was "surprised" by the speculation surrounding the Spain international, who progressed through Barcelona's La Masia academy before joining Arsenal in 2011.
"He has nearly three years to go and we always try get the players to the level where we think they deserve to be. So we try to extend, certainly, his contract," said Wenger.
"For me, his long-term future is here."
Wenger added that midfielder Aaron Ramsey, 25, will miss "one or two" more games, having injured a hamstring during Arsenal's opening-day Premier League defeat by Liverpool on 14 August.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
</Article>

<Summary>
england manager arsene wenger has backed gareth southgate to be the next england manager.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "england manager",
  "o be the next england manager",
  "backed gareth",
  "england manager arsene",
  "to be the next england manager",
  "gareth"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "england manager": The article does not mention that Arsene Wenger is the current England manager. In fact, it states that Gareth Southgate is the current England manager, and Wenger is only a potential candidate for the job. Therefore, this span is inconsistent with the article.
2. "o be the next england manager": The article does not mention that Wenger will be the next England manager. It only states that he has been linked with the job and that he has praised Southgate's performance. Therefore, this span is also inconsistent with the article.
3. "backed gareth": The article states that Wenger has praised Southgate, but it does not mention that he has "backed" him. This word is not present in the article, so it is inconsistent.
4. "england manager arsene": The article does not mention that Arsene Wenger is the England manager. As mentioned earlier, the article states that Gareth Southgate is the current England manager. Therefore, this span is inconsistent with the article.
5. "to be the next england manager": The article does not mention that Wenger will be the next England manager. It only states that he has been linked with the job and that he has praised Southgate's performance. Therefore, this span is also inconsistent with the article.
6. "gareth": The article does not mention Gareth Southgate's name in the context of Wenger's quotes. The only mention of Southgate is in the phrase "Gareth Southgate succeeded Sam Allardyce in September," which is not inconsistent with the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains several spans that are not present in the article or are phrased differently in the article.

###Corrected:
