<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
France's Dubuisson carded a 67 to tie with overnight leader Van Zyl of South Africa on 16 under par.
McIlroy carded a third straight five under-par 67 to move to 15 under par with Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat.
The world number three's round included an eagle on the 12th as he bids to win his first title since May.
"The 67s I've shot this week have all been a little different and I feel like I've played within myself for all of them, " said four-time major winner McIlroy of Northern Ireland. "I feel there's a low round out there for me and hopefully it's tomorrow."
McIlroy was level par for the day after 10 holes, dropping his first shots of the week by three-putting the third and 10th, the latter mistake prompting the 26-year-old to throw his putter at his bag.
But he hit back with a birdie on the par-five 11th and a towering four iron from 229 yards on the 13th set up an eagle from just four feet.
The former world number one ruptured a ligament in his left ankle during a game of football with friends in July, ruling him out of several tournaments.
But he returned in time to unsuccessfully defend his US PGA title at Whistling Straits in August and played in three of the FedEx Cup play-off events before starting the new PGA Tour season with a tie for 26th in the Frys.com Open in California.
He is targeting a third Race to Dubai title in four years and leads England's Danny Willett by 271, 214 points with three events remaining after the Turkish Open.
English pair Chris Wood (-13) and Richard Bland (-12) who were tied for second overnight are fifth and seventh respectively.
</Article>

<Summary>
northern ireland\'s rory mcilroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the fedex championship in california.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "rory",
  "fedex championship in california",
  "one shot off the lead after the first round"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "Rory" is not consistent with the article because the article refers to "Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy" while the summary only mentions "Rory". This is an inconsistency because the summary does not include the country of origin.
2. "FedEx Championship in California" is not consistent with the article because the article refers to the "Turkish Open" while the summary mentions the "FedEx Championship in California". This is an inconsistency because the summary mentions a different tournament than the article.
3. "One shot off the lead after the first round" is not consistent with the article because the article states that McIlroy is tied for second place, not one shot off the lead. This is an inconsistency because the summary does not accurately reflect McIlroy's position in the tournament.

Therefore, the summary has consistency issues with the following spans:

* "Rory"
* "FedEx Championship in California"
* "one shot off the lead after the first round"

###Corrected:
