<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The charge follows the mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game at Etihad Stadium, which Chelsea won 3-1.
City had forward Sergio Aguero and midfielder Fernandinho sent off, but Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas will not face any further action.
City manager Pep Guardiola apologised for his team's part in the incident.
Aguero, 28, received a four-match ban for what was his second dismissal for violent conduct this season, following a high and late challenge on Chelsea defender David Luiz.
Fernandinho clashed with Fabregas in the scuffle that followed Aguero's challenge, and the Brazil midfielder will serve a three-match ban.
Both clubs have until 18:00 GMT on 8 December to respond to the charge.
</Article>

<Summary>
manchester city and chelsea have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players during the premier league game on saturday.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "manchester",
  "manchester city",
  "manchester city and chelsea have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players during the premier league game on saturday",
  "failing to control their players during the premier league game on saturday",
  "football association",
  "premier league game on saturday"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "manchester" - The article does not mention the word "manchester" at all. The correct phrase should be "Manchester City" or "City", as the team is based in Manchester.
2. "manchester city" - The same as the previous point, the word "manchester" should not be included in the summary.
3. "manchester city and chelsea have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players during the premier league game on saturday" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because it implies that both teams have been charged, when in fact, only Manchester City players were involved in the incident. The correct sentence should be "Manchester City have been charged by the FA for failing to control their players during the Premier League game on Saturday".
4. "failing to control their players during the premier league game on saturday" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the reason for the charge. The article states that the charge follows a mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game, and that Manchester City players were involved in the incident. A more accurate summary would be "Manchester City have been charged by the FA for their involvement in a mass fracas during the Premier League game on Saturday".
5. "football association" - The correct phrase should be "FA" (Football Association), as it is a common abbreviation for the organization.
6. "premier league game on saturday" - This sentence is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the date of the incident. The article states that the incident occurred in the 95th minute of the game, without specifying the date.

Overall, the summary has several inconsistencies with the article, including inaccurate phrasing, missing words, and incorrect information. To improve the summary, it should be rewritten to accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
