<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The Sorrento was travelling to the coastal city of Valencia when the blaze began and quickly got out of control.
The passengers were evacuated from the burning ship on to lifeboats and have been rescued by another ship.
At least three people have been injured and have been taken to hospital by helicopter, Spanish media say. One is reported to be seriously hurt.
The ship was about 27km (17 miles) from Mallorca when the fire broke out on Tuesday afternoon on one of the car decks. The reason for the fire was unclear.
Several ships including two passenger ferries were sent to help. The passengers and crew on the life rafts eventually boarded one of the ferries, the Puglia.
Spanish officials said the rescued passengers were on their way back to Palma de Mallorca and were expected to arrive at the port in a few hours' time. Psychologists were being asked to go to the port to provide counselling.
"Due to the fire that it has suffered, The Sorrento may sink in the position in which it finds itself," the Balearic Islands port authority said in a tweet (in Spanish).
The ferry, owned by Italian company Atlantica di Navigazione, sent out distress signals at 13:50 local time (11:50 GMT), said Spain's Ministry of Public Works.
At first, the ministry said the captain did not believe it would be necessary to abandon the ship but the fire became so intense that a full evacuation was called for.
</Article>

<Summary>
a fire has broken out on a spanish ferry from mallorca, forcing some 150 passengers and crew to abandon ship.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "150 passengers",
  "150"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "at least three people have been injured" and "one is reported to be seriously hurt." This implies that there are more than three people who have been injured, but the exact number is not given. Therefore, the summary statement "150 passengers" is not consistent with the article, as it implies that all 150 passengers were injured, which is not supported by the article.
2. The article states that "the passengers and crew on the life rafts eventually boarded one of the ferries, the Puglia." This implies that not all 150 passengers were on the Sorrento when the fire broke out, as some must have been rescued on life rafts. Therefore, the summary statement "abandon ship" is not consistent with the article, as it implies that all 150 passengers were on the Sorrento when they had to abandon it, which is not supported by the article.
3. The article states that "the passengers and crew on the life rafts eventually boarded one of the ferries, the Puglia." This implies that the total number of people rescued is less than 150, as some passengers must have been rescued on life rafts. Therefore, the summary statement "150" is not consistent with the article, as it implies that the total number of people rescued is 150, which is not supported by the article.

Therefore, the two spans in the summary that have consistency issues are "150 passengers" and "150". These statements are not supported by the information in the article, and therefore the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
