<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Mr Abbott told Australian media that the only way to prevent people dying at sea was to "stop the boats".
Australia detains any migrants trying to reach its shores by boat, and takes them to offshore processing camps to be eventually resettled elsewhere.
On Thursday, the New York Times described the policy as "brutal".
In an editorial, the newspaper said the "ruthlessly effective" policy was "inhumane, of dubious legality and strikingly at odds with the country's tradition of welcoming people fleeing persecution and war".
It said it would be "unconscionable" for European leaders to consider adopting similar policies, as Mr Abbott has previously suggested.
Australia has not responded to the editorial, but on Friday Mr Abbott said the image of Syrian three-year-old Alan Kurdi, who died trying to reach Greece by boat with his family, was "very sad".
"If you want to stop the deaths, if you want to stop the drownings you have got to stop the boats," he told ABC Radio.
"Thankfully, we have stopped that in Australia because we have stopped the illegal boats."
On Thursday, Mr Abbott angered Australian Jewish groups by saying the so-called Islamic State (IS), from which many of the migrants to Europe are fleeing, was worse than the Nazis.
"The Nazis did terrible evil, but they had a sufficient sense of shame to try to hide it," he told Sydney Radio 2GB.
But IS militants, he said, "boast about their evil, this is the extraordinary thing".
The Executive Council of Australian Jewry Robert Goot said the comment was "injudicious and unfortunate", saying there was "a fundamental difference between organised acts of terrorism and a genocide systematically implemented by a state as essential policy".
"The crimes of Islamic State are indeed horrific but cannot be compared to the systematic round-up of millions of people and their despatch to purpose-built death camps for mass murder," he told Australian media.
Mr Abbott later said he stood by his comments, but that he was not in the "business of ranking evil".
</Article>

<Summary>
australian prime minister tony abbott has said the refugee and migrant crisis in europe is proof of the need for tough asylum policies.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "prime minister tony",
  "proof of the need for tough asylum policies"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that "Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the refugee and migrant crisis in Europe is proof of the need for tough asylum policies."
2. However, the article does not support this statement. In fact, the article quotes the New York Times describing Australia's policy as "inhumane, of dubious legality and strikingly at odds with the country's tradition of welcoming people fleeing persecution and war."
3. The article also states that Mr. Abbott's comparison of IS to the Nazis was criticized by Australian Jewish groups, and that the Executive Council of Australian Jewry said his comment was "injudicious and unfortunate."
4. Therefore, the summary's statement that Mr. Abbott's comments are proof of the need for tough asylum policies is not supported by the article.
5. Additionally, the summary's reference to Mr. Abbott as "prime minister" is also not accurate, as the correct title for the leader of Australia is "Prime Minister of Australia."
6. Finally, the summary's statement that Mr. Abbott said the refugee and migrant crisis in Europe is proof of the need for tough asylum policies is not supported by the article, which quotes the New York Times as describing Australia's policy as inhumane and dubious.

Overall, the summary has consistency issues in that it does not accurately reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
