<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Shanghai have signed the Argentina forward, 32, from Boca Juniors but no details were given over the contract.
Shanghai, coached by ex-Brighton boss Gus Poyet, are reported to have agreed a deal worth £40m for Tevez including a salary in excess of £310,000 a week.
Boca Juniors said: "Good luck Carlitos. You will always be in our hearts."
Tevez played for seven years in the Premier League and won the title with both Manchester clubs.
He also lifted the Champions League trophy with United in 2008 before joining Juventus in 2013, where he won two Italian championships.
On 23 December Chelsea agreed terms with Shanghai SIPG for Brazil midfielder Oscar, 25, in a move that is estimated to cost £60m.
Take part in our new Premier League Predictor game, which allows you to create leagues with friends.
</Article>

<Summary>
ex-manchester city and united striker carlos tevez has signed for chinese super league side shanghai shenhua, the club confirmed on thursday.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "shenhua",
  "ex-manchester city and united striker carlos",
  "manchester city",
  "club confirmed on thursday",
  "striker carlos",
  "chinese super league",
  "confirmed on thursday",
  "chinese super league side"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "shenhua" - The article states that the club is called "Shanghai SIPG", not "Shanghai Shenhua".
2. "ex-manchester city and united striker carlos" - The article does not mention that Carlos Tevez played for Manchester United. He only played for Manchester City.
3. "manchester city" - The article does not mention Manchester City at all.
4. "club confirmed on thursday" - The article states that the transfer was confirmed on December 23rd, not Thursday.
5. "striker carlos" - The article does not mention "striker Carlos". The correct phrase would be "forward Carlos Tevez".
6. "chinese super league" - The article does not mention the Chinese Super League. The correct league name is "Premier League".
7. "confirmed on thursday" - As mentioned earlier, the transfer was confirmed on December 23rd, not Thursday.
8. "chinese super league side" - The article does not mention a "Chinese Super League side". The correct phrase would be "Premier League side Shanghai SIPG".

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article as it contains several inaccuracies and inconsistencies.

###Corrected:
