<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    further tests will be carried out on a man who died while suffering from measles after post-mortem examination results were inconclusive. 

    Article: 
    Gareth Colfer-Williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea, the city at the centre of an epidemic of the disease which has reached 942 cases.
But the examination was unable to establish whether measles was the main cause of his death.
An inquest will be opened and adjourned on Tuesday to allow further tests.
Since the outbreak began in November, 83 people have needed hospital treatment for the illness.
Mr Colfer-Williams' mother, Angela Colfer said her son had recently been treated at Swansea's Morriston Hospital for asthma.
A few days after he was discharged he became unwell and developed a rash.
Mrs Colfer said her son went to see an out-of-hours GP on 17 April with a rash "from head to foot" but not on his arms.
The following morning, Mr Colfer-Williams was found dead at his flat.
Public Health Wales said on Friday that laboratory tests confirmed a diagnosis of measles but further tests were needed to determine the cause of death.
The family said they had no idea how Mr Colfer-Williams got measles as no close family member has it, including his three-year-old daughter who has been vaccinated. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that further tests will be carried out on a man who died after post-mortem examination results were inconclusive.

However, the article states that the post-mortem examination was unable to establish whether measles was the main cause of death. This suggests that the man did not die directly from measles, which contradicts the summary.

2. The article states that the man was treated at Swansea's Morriston Hospital for asthma, and that he developed a rash a few days after being discharged. This suggests that the man may have had a pre-existing condition that contributed to his death, rather than measles being the direct cause.

3. The article also states that the family had no idea how the man got measles, as no close family members have the disease. This suggests that the man may have contracted measles from an external source, rather than it being the direct cause of his death.

4. Therefore, based on the information provided in the article, it is not consistent with the summary that further tests will be carried out to determine the cause of death. Instead, it seems more likely that the man died from a pre-existing condition or an external source, rather than measles.

###Corrected:
