<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013.
There has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used.
The bags end up in rubbish dumps and even rivers causing big problems for the environment.
From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones that they already have.
Supermarkets in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, where people are charged for carrier bags, have all seen a decrease in bags used.
Campaigners are hoping the charge in England will lessen the amount of bags being thrown away, helping the environment.
</Article>

<Summary>
the number of plastic bags given out by uk supermarkets has increased for the fifth year in a row, rising to 8.5 billion.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "the number of plastic bags given out by uk supermarkets has increased for the fifth year in a row, rising to 8.5 billion"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the number of plastic bags given out by UK supermarkets has gone up by 200 million since 2013. This means that the number has increased, but it does not support the claim that the number has increased for the fifth year in a row.
2. The summary states that the number of plastic bags given out by UK supermarkets has increased for the fifth year in a row. This is not supported by the article, which states that the number has increased by 200 million since 2013, but does not provide information about the previous years.
3. The article does mention that there has been a big problem with plastic carrier bags in the last few years, and that many of them cannot be recycled and end up in rubbish dumps and rivers. However, the summary does not mention this issue or the efforts to address it, such as the charge for plastic bags in Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland.
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it makes claims that are not supported by the information in the article, such as the claim that the number of plastic bags given out by UK supermarkets has increased for the fifth year in a row. Additionally, the summary does not provide a complete picture of the issue, omitting important information about the problem with plastic carrier bags and the efforts to address it.

###Corrected:
