<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Wenger, whose club contract runs to the summer, has been linked with the job.
Southgate succeeded Sam Allardyce in September and oversaw England's 2-0 win against Malta as well the disappointing 0-0 draw with Slovenia on Tuesday.
Wenger said Southgate "has accumulated experiences and is a good observer of what's going on in the national team."
Of his own links to the role, the 66-year-old Frenchman added: "I focus on my job, that's what it is about."
Former England international Southgate, 46, has a World Cup qualifier against Scotland at Wembley on 11 November and a friendly against Spain four days later to persuade the Football Association to give him the job on a permanent basis.
Wenger continued: "We're in a job where you get questioned, especially if you have less experience, and the only answer he can give is by showing the decisions he makes are right.
"There's always a demand for big names but the most important thing is the person's competency. He has a good opportunity and I'm happy he has a chance to show he has the quality."
Speaking before his side's game against Swansea on Saturday, Wenger added that 21-year-old defender Hector Bellerin would be offered a new contract by the club.
The Arsenal right-back has been linked with a move, with both Barcelona and Manchester City said to be interested, but Wenger said he was "surprised" by the speculation surrounding the Spain international, who progressed through Barcelona's La Masia academy before joining Arsenal in 2011.
"He has nearly three years to go and we always try get the players to the level where we think they deserve to be. So we try to extend, certainly, his contract," said Wenger.
"For me, his long-term future is here."
Wenger added that midfielder Aaron Ramsey, 25, will miss "one or two" more games, having injured a hamstring during Arsenal's opening-day Premier League defeat by Liverpool on 14 August.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
</Article>

<Summary>
interim england manager gareth southgate is the right man to take the job on a long-term basis, according to arsenal boss arsene wenger.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "long-term basis",
  "boss arsene",
  "interim england manager gareth"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "long-term basis" - The summary states that Gareth Southgate is the right man to take the job on a long-term basis, but the article does not mention anything about a long-term basis. In fact, the article states that Southgate has a World Cup qualifier against Scotland and a friendly against Spain, which suggests that the position is still an interim one.
2. "boss arsene" - The summary refers to Gareth Southgate as "boss Arsene", which is not a correct description. Gareth Southgate is the interim manager of the England national team, while Arsene Wenger is the manager of Arsenal FC.
3. "interim england manager gareth" - The summary incorrectly states that Gareth Southgate is the interim England manager. While he is currently managing the team on an interim basis, the article does not mention anything about him being the interim manager.

Therefore, the summary has consistency issues in the following spans:

* "long-term basis"
* "boss arsene"
* "interim england manager gareth"

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any further questions.

###Corrected:
