<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Clive Weatherhogg set up meetings between the woman and a man he found through an adult website, and filmed them having sex.
A court heard he sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on Christmas Day.
Weatherhogg, 42, was also placed on the sex offenders register.
He had denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff George Way remitted the case to the High Court in Edinburgh to be dealt with because its greater sentencing powers.
Weatherhogg, formerly of Guthrie, near Forfar, was found guilty of coercing the woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with the man between 10 September, 2013 and 17 September the following year.
He was also convicted of intentionally causing the woman's sister and father to look at sexual images and behaving in a threatening or abusive manner on 25 December, 2014.
The woman told the trial she had felt "blackmailed" by Weatherhogg.
Lady Wolffe told the Weatherhogg that she had to pass a sentence on him that "reflected society's abhorrence" at such conduct.
The judge said that Weatherhogg, a first offender, had been assessed as posing "a moderate risk" of sexual re-offending.
Defence counsel Jonathan Crowe said it had been "a dramatic shock" for Weatherhogg to be placed on remand ahead of sentencing.
</Article>

<Summary>
a man who coerced a woman into having sex with a stranger before sending ``revenge porn\'\'to her family has been jailed for six years.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that the man was jailed for six years for coercing a woman into having sex with a stranger and sending "revenge porn" to her family.
2. The article states that the man was found guilty of coercing the woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with the man, and intentionally causing the woman's sister and father to look at sexual images. However, there is no mention of sending "revenge porn" to the family.
3. The article does mention that the man sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on Christmas Day, but this is not the same as sending "revenge porn."
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes a detail (sending "revenge porn") that is not present in the article.

Reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the man was jailed for six years for coercing a woman into having sex with a stranger and sending "revenge porn" to her family.
2. The article does not mention the man sending "revenge porn" to the family.
3. The article does mention the man sending a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on Christmas Day, but this is not the same as sending "revenge porn."
4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes a detail (sending "revenge porn") that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
