<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
However the Spanish champions insisted they had not committed any offence.
"The aim is to cover eventual interpretations that could be given to the contracts drawn up in the operation to sign Neymar," a club statement read.
Barca paid £48.6m for Santos striker Neymar, 22, in the summer with his parents receiving £34m of the fee.
Between the initial fee paid in the summer, signing-on fee, wages during his five-year deal, agents fees and this latest tax payment, Neymar will have cost the club £106.8m
Last month, Sandro Rosell resigned as Barcelona president following accusations he misappropriated money.
He is also being investigated but denies any wrongdoing.
At the time of the move, Barcelona said they had paid 57m euros (£48.6m) for Neymar but it has been alleged that, if other contracts are taken into account, the actual cost of the player was far greater.
And last week a judge in Spain ruled there was sufficient evidence against Barcelona to continue investigations into the transfer.
The club added: "The board denies the existence of any tax-related crime in relation to the fiscal obligations arising from the signing of the player.
"Given the existence of a possible divergent interpretation of the exact amount of tax responsibility arising from the signing and to defend the club's reputation and good name, FC Barcelona has this morning made a complimentary tax declaration of a total of 13,550,830.56 euros [...] although we remain convinced that the original tax payment was in line with our fiscal obligations."
There has not yet been any confirmation whether the case will be dropped after Barcelona's payment.
Neymar has scored seven goals in 18 league appearances for Barcelona this season, as well as netting three in seven Champions League matches.
</Article>

<Summary>
barcelona have paid # 11.2 m (13.5 m euros) to the spanish authorities after being charged with tax fraud over the signing of neymar.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "11.2 m (13.5 m euros)",
  "barcelona have paid # 11.2 m (13.5 m euros) to the spanish authorities after being charged with tax fraud over the signing of neymar"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Barcelona paid £48.6m for Neymar, with his parents receiving £34m of the fee. This is consistent with the summary.
2. The article also states that Barcelona paid an additional £106.8m for Neymar, including signing-on fees, wages, agents' fees, and tax payments. This is not mentioned in the summary.
3. The summary states that Barcelona paid "11.2 m (13.5 m euros)" to the Spanish authorities, which is not consistent with the article's mention of £48.6m and £106.8m.
4. The article states that the club made a complimentary tax declaration of €13,550,830.56, but does not mention paying £11.2m or £13.5m to the Spanish authorities.
5. Therefore, the summary's statement that Barcelona paid "11.2 m (13.5 m euros)" to the Spanish authorities is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary's statement is not consistent with the information provided in the article.

###Corrected:
