<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Walter Bartram was prospecting in dusty terrain in Coober Pedy, about 750km (466 miles) north of Adelaide, in 1946 when he staked a claim to what became called the Fire of Australia.
Although his family achieved success in opal trading, their greatest discovery has been seen rarely by the public.
That has just changed.
The 998g (35.2oz) opal, valued at nearly A$900,000 (£550,000; $680,000), is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum.
Still largely in its original condition, the opal's two polished faces reveal a kaleidoscope of colours from green to yellow to red.
"When my father was alive, it was originally kept separately from all trading because it was such a significant piece," Alan Bartram told the BBC.
"We decided we would retain that intention, and keep it as a significant and obviously excellent example of light opal from South Australia."
The family has decided to pass it on for future generations to enjoy.
The museum's director, Brian Oldman, said the opal's rarity should not be underestimated.
"Opal of this quality can only be created under certain climate conditions," Mr Oldman said.
"When our state's inland sea evaporated millions of years ago, it provided a unique silica-rich environment for the creation of precious opal. It is these exceptional conditions that created the Fire of Australia."
A mining town for more than 100 years, Coober Pedy still draws people lured by the hope of striking it rich.
"They're becoming more scarce because the overheads of mining now are getting to be so expensive - in fuel, explosives, machinery and living costs on the field," Mr Bartram said.
"But South Australia supplies about 90% of the world's quality opals. There may be more major finds."
Reporting by the BBC's Greg Dunlop
</Article>

<Summary>
the world\'s finest uncut opal has mostly been kept in a safe deposit box since it was unearthed from the south australian outback with a pick and shovel 70 years ago.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "safe deposit box",
  "since it was unearthed from the south australian outback with a pick and shovel 70 years ago",
  "deposit box since it was unearthed",
  "outback with a pick and shovel 70 years ago",
  "uncut"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "safe deposit box": The article does not mention anything about the opal being kept in a safe deposit box. Instead, it states that the opal is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum.
2. "since it was unearthed from the south australian outback with a pick and shovel 70 years ago": The article does not mention the exact date when the opal was discovered, but it does state that Walter Bartram found it in 1946. Additionally, the article does not mention the use of a pick and shovel in the discovery.
3. "deposit box since it was unearthed": The article does not mention anything about a deposit box. As mentioned earlier, the opal is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum.
4. "outback with a pick and shovel 70 years ago": As mentioned earlier, the article does not mention the exact date when the opal was discovered, and it does not mention the use of a pick and shovel in the discovery.
5. "uncut": The article does mention that the opal is still largely in its original condition, but it does not use the word "uncut". Instead, it states that the opal's two polished faces reveal a kaleidoscope of colors.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article in several key respects. The summary exaggerates the rarity of the opal, implies that it has been kept in a safe deposit box for 70 years, and misstates the date and circumstances of its discovery.

###Corrected:
