<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Many women have questioned the safety of the implants, which are used to treat incontinence, after suffering debilitating side effects.
Two patients sitting on the original review group quit in protest at what they said was a watered-down report.
Now independent expert Alison Britton, a professor of healthcare and medical law, will examine the final report.
Ms Robison told Holyrood's public petitions committee that Prof Britton, from Glasgow Caledonian University, would examine the process by which the report came to its conclusions.
She told MSPs: "Professor Britton will produce a report on how the independent review process was undertaken and importantly what lessons can be learned in the future."
The report concluded procedures should not be offered routinely to women with pelvic organ prolapse.
It recommended patients  be offered a range of treatments and given the information to make "informed choices".
The report also said reporting of adverse events should be mandatory.
Ms Robison confirmed the recommendations would continue to be implemented despite calls from campaigners for an all-out ban.
The health secretary said the government did not have the power to ban the procedures as that lay with UK regulatory body the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency.
In other evidence, the chairwoman of the independent review Tracey Gillies apologised for failing to unite all panel members around the review's controversial final report.
Ms Gillies took over as chairwoman of the independent review of transvaginal mesh implants in its final stages towards the end of last year.
It emerged she had no conversations with previous chairwoman Lesley Wilkie, who resigned for personal reasons.
Her evidence was punctuated by cries of "shame on you" and "rubbish" from a packed public gallery which included some women who had suffered painful and debilitating complications as a result of the procedure.
Ms Gillies said her task had been "almost mission impossible from the beginning".
She said: "It was clear that there were strongly-held views of difference at the point that I came in, so one could say more fool me for agreeing to chair this.
"This is not something that most people would have ... welcomed would be the wrong word, but it's clearly going to be a very difficult thing and I personally have reflected and feel disappointed that I have not achieved what I would have set out to do, which would have been to bring this in in consensus.
Olive McIlroy and Elaine Holmes - who had both suffered complications as a result of the surgery - quit the review group earlier this year, saying they felt "dismayed and disgusted" at the publication of the independent report.
It was claimed that parts of the final report had been removed.
Following their resignations, it emerged that a consultant also quit the expert group over concerns about the final draft of the report.
Over the past 20 years, more than 20,000 women in Scotland have had mesh or tape implants but some have suffered painful and debilitating complications.
There are more than 400 women currently taking legal action against Scottish health boards and manufacturers as a result of mesh implant surgery.
</Article>

<Summary>
health secretary shona robison has welcomed a review of the practice of mesh implants in scotland.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "shona"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "Many women have questioned the safety of the implants, which are used to treat incontinence, after suffering debilitating side effects." This suggests that the use of mesh implants is controversial and has raised concerns among patients and healthcare professionals.
2. The article also mentions that two patients sitting on the original review group quit in protest at what they said was a watered-down report. This implies that the review process was not without controversy and that some stakeholders were not satisfied with the final report.
3. The article states that independent expert Alison Britton will examine the final report and make recommendations on how the independent review process was undertaken and what lessons can be learned in the future. This suggests that the Scottish government is taking the concerns about mesh implants seriously and is seeking to address them.
4. The article reports that the final report recommended that patients be offered a range of treatments and given the information to make "informed choices". This suggests that the review found that there is no one-size-fits-all solution for treating incontinence and that patients should be given the information they need to make decisions about their own care.
5. The article states that the health secretary Shona Robison confirmed that the recommendations would continue to be implemented despite calls from campaigners for an all-out ban. This suggests that while there are concerns about the safety of mesh implants, the Scottish government is not planning to ban the procedure altogether.

Based on these points, it is clear that the article presents a balanced view of the issue of mesh implants in Scotland. It acknowledges the concerns about the safety of the procedure, but also reports on the steps being taken to address those concerns and ensure that patients are given the information they need to make informed choices about their care.

In contrast, the summary states that "health secretary shona robison has welcomed a review of the practice of mesh implants in scotland." This statement is not supported by the article, which does not mention Shona Robison welcoming a review of mesh implants. Instead, the article reports on the controversy surrounding the use of mesh implants and the steps being taken to address those concerns.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with

###Corrected:
