<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The advocacy group Glaad analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017 and counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters.
The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year.
But Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off.
They include the characters Poussey Washington and Bea Smith, who met violent ends in Orange is the New Black and Wentworth respectively.
The report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television, thanks mostly to shows like Empire, Luke Cage and How to Get Away with Murder.
Glaad's Where We Are on TV study based its findings on scripted broadcast, cable and streaming series already being shown or for which casting had been confirmed.
Glaad's president Sarah Kate Ellis said it was "heartening to see progress being made" but said numbers were "only part of the story".
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
</Article>

<Summary>
shows like transparent mean there are more lgbt (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) characters on us tv than ever before, a report has found.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the Glaad report found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television, thanks to shows like Empire, Luke Cage, and How to Get Away with Murder. This information is not included in the summary.

2. The summary states that there are more LGBT characters on US TV than ever before, which is not entirely accurate. The article states that there has been an increase in the number of transgender characters, but also notes that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off.

3. The summary does not mention the record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television, which is a significant finding in the article.

4. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect all of the information in the article, particularly the record high percentage of black characters and the fact that some lesbian and bisexual female characters were killed off.

In conclusion, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately represent all of the information in the article, particularly the record high percentage of black characters and the fact that some lesbian and bisexual female characters were killed off.

###Corrected:
