<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
We are aware that this interactive video may not work on some older browsers. You can find a non-interactive version of the content below.
In this interactive video, Robert Opie - the founder of the Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising in London - outlines some of the main reasons why we change what we buy.
The arrival of the domestic freezer, of washing powder, and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale and popular among UK consumers.
The interactive elements to this video also explore how ownership and ranking of some of the biggest brands in the UK is changing.
The video works best in full screen
Click on the links below to read the extra information used in this video in a non-interactive format:
What in the world does China own?
Top tips on freezing food, BBC Good Food
Annual survey ranking the top 20 consumer brands in the UK
Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising
</Article>

<Summary>
advancing technology and manufacturing techniques are among the ingredients of our changing consumer tastes.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "ingredients",
  "advancing technology",
  "manufacturing techniques"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article does not mention "ingredients" at all. The word "ingredients" does not appear in the text.
2. The article mentions "advancing technology" and "manufacturing techniques" as factors that contribute to the changing consumer tastes, but only in the context of how they affect the ownership and ranking of big brands in the UK. The article does not suggest that these technological advancements directly influence consumer tastes.
3. The summary statement "advancing technology and manufacturing techniques are among the ingredients of our changing consumer tastes" is not supported by the article. The article does not mention "ingredients" or suggest that technological advancements are a direct cause of changing consumer tastes.
4. Therefore, the summary statement is not consistent with the article. The article does not provide evidence for the claim that advancing technology and manufacturing techniques are among the ingredients of changing consumer tastes.

Overall, the summary statement is not accurate and does not reflect the content of the article.

###Corrected:
