<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a golfer has suffered leg injuries after being bitten by a crocodile on an australian golf course. 

    Article: 
    John Lahiff, 75, told local media that he disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in water at the course in Port Douglas, Queensland.
He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf, but said he would not be put off playing golf.
He told ABC News he would try not to hit balls into the water in future.
Crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course, Australian media reported, and signs warn players of the dangers.
Police Senior Sergeant James Coate told ABC that the 1.2m (4ft) saltwater crocodile had been in a waterway on the 11th hole
Mr Lahiff, speaking from Cairns Hospital, said he had seen crocodiles there before and "should have realised to be a bit more aware".
"I didn't see the croc sunbaking just on the edge of the water. I walked past it and then it got me on the way back and as soon as it grabbed me it took off into the water."
He manage to drive himself back to the club house to get help.
The Australian newspaper reported that wildlife officers would try to remove the crocodile and relocate it to a crocodile farm or a zoo.
But Mr Lahiff told ABC he wanted the croc to stay where it was. "I think he got more of a fright than me. He's alright," he said.
The Palmer Sea Reef golf course is owned by Australian billionaire and politician Clive Palmer.
After the incident he tweeted that he wished the golfer a speedy recovery.
He joked: "Crocodile has been removed from all menus at Palmer properties following today's incident."
Crocodiles are a common feature of Australia's tropical north and numbers have increased since being declared a protected species in 1971. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary states that the golfer was bitten by a crocodile on an Australian golf course, but the article does not mention any bites or attacks. Instead, the article states that the golfer was injured by a crocodile while looking for a ball in water on the course.
2. The summary mentions that the golfer was taken to hospital with leg injuries, but the article only mentions a deep laceration to the shin and puncture wounds to the calf.
3. The summary states that the golfer was not put off playing golf after the incident, but the article quotes the golfer as saying he will try not to hit balls into the water in future.
4. The summary mentions that crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it notes that signs warn players of the dangers of crocodiles in the area.
5. The summary states that the crocodile was 1.2m (4ft) long, but the article does not mention the size of the crocodile.
6. The summary quotes the golfer as saying he saw crocodiles on the course before and should have been more aware, but the article does not mention this.
7. The summary mentions that wildlife officers would try to remove the crocodile and relocate it to a crocodile farm or zoo, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it notes that the golfer wanted the crocodile to stay where it was.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes details that are not present in the article, omits other details that are present in the article, and quotes the golfer as saying things that he did not say according to the article.

###Corrected:
