<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    police are trying to trace a woman who is unaccounted for after a fire at her home in the highlands. 

    Article: 
    The emergency services were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00.
Police Scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time. Her relatives have been informed.
Det Insp Richard Baird said the fire was not thought to be suspicious, but the damage caused had prevented entry to the property.
He said: "A joint investigation with the fire service will be carried out.
"Enquiries are at a very early stage, however, initial enquiries would suggest there are no suspicious circumstances.
"Due to the extensive structural damage and uncertainty of the building, gaining access to the property will take some considerable time.
"Structural engineers will advise when it will be safe to enter the property." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the police are trying to trace a woman who is unaccounted for after a fire at her home in the highlands.

However, the article does not mention anything about the police trying to trace a woman. Instead, it states that the emergency services were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00, and that the fire was not thought to be suspicious.

2. The summary also states that the woman's relatives have been informed, but the article does not mention anything about the woman's relatives being informed.

3. The summary states that the damage caused by the fire has prevented entry to the property, but the article states that the joint investigation with the fire service will be carried out and that structural engineers will advise when it will be safe to enter the property.

4. The summary does not mention anything about the investigation being at a very early stage or that there are no suspicious circumstances, which is mentioned in the article.

Therefore, based on these differences, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
