<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a farmer told to demolish a mock tudor castle that was built without planning permission has vowed to rebuild ``the work of art\'\'elsewhere. 

    Article: 
    Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales.
He told Mr Justice Dove at London's High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled".
"Hopefully, it will be rebuilt on another site with full planning permission," he said.
At a previous hearing, Mr Fidler, 66, had been told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail.
On Monday, Stephen Whale, counsel for Reigate and Banstead Borough Council, told the judge that Mr Fidler had made "very good progress in terms of complying with the requirements of the enforcement notices", but that he had not "fully complied with the requirements".
The house had been "very largely" demolished, he said, but there was "still more to be done", including restoring the land to its former agricultural use.
He said the "technical legal position" was that Mr Fidler remained in contempt of court, but the parties had agreed for the matter to be adjourned for a month to give him "an opportunity completely to comply".
Representing himself, Mr Fidler insisted: "I broke no law. I was looking after my family. I acted in good faith. I am a law-abiding citizen."
He described the four bedroom castle as a "work of art built lawfully", but said he would "fully comply" with the council enforcement notices.
Mr Justice Dove adjourned the case until 4 July, but said he hoped it would not be necessary for it to return to court.
Mr Fidler told him: "I assure you we will not have to come back."
At the end of the hearing, he said to the judge: "When I rebuild my house, I want you to come and see it." 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the farmer vowed to rebuild the mock Tudor castle "elsewhere," but the article does not mention anything about rebuilding the castle elsewhere. Instead, it states that Mr. Fidler hopes to comply with the council's enforcement notices and restore the land to its former agricultural use.
2. The summary also refers to the castle as a "work of art," but the article does not use this language. Instead, it describes the house as a "four-bedroom castle" and a "beautiful home."
3. The summary implies that Mr. Fidler is refusing to demolish the castle, but the article states that he has "very largely" demolished the house and is working to fully comply with the council's enforcement notices.
4. Finally, the summary states that Mr. Fidler told the judge that he would rebuild the castle elsewhere, but the article does not quote him as saying this. Instead, it quotes him as saying that he hopes to comply with the council's enforcement notices and that he remains a law-abiding citizen.

Based on these differences, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article. The summary exaggerates the extent to which Mr. Fidler is refusing to comply with the council's enforcement notices and misrepresents his intentions to rebuild the castle.

###Corrected:
