<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    star wars and harry potter star warwick davis, who played an ewok in return of the jedi, has taken to twitter to help recover his stolen caravan. 

    Article: 
    The Swift Archway Cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday night.
Davis tweeted "My touring caravan was stolen.. even though it was locked up with hitch & wheel lock! I want to swear... #rotters".
He added the thieves could have "headed north or south on A1, or west on A14".
Cambridgeshire Police said: "We have had a report of a caravan being stolen in the Yaxley area between 5pm on Thursday and 12.45pm on Friday. We are investigating."
Davis, who played the role of Wicket in the third of the original Star War movies, is also appearing in the forthcoming Star Wars: Episode VII.
Davis's credits include Professor Flitwick in the Harry Potter films and Nikabrik in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Anyone with information about the caravan is asked to call Cambridgeshire Police. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's why the summary is not consistent with the article:

1. The summary mentions that Warwick Davis starred in Harry Potter, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that he played Professor Flitwick in the Harry Potter films.
2. The summary mentions that Davis is appearing in Star Wars: Episode VII, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that he played the role of Wicket in the third of the original Star War movies.
3. The summary mentions that the caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, but the article does not mention the location of the theft.
4. The summary mentions that the thieves could have headed north or south on the A1, or west on the A14, but the article does not mention this. The article only mentions that the caravan was stolen between 5pm on Thursday and 12:45pm on Friday.

Overall, the summary contains information that is not present in the article, and omits information that is present in the article. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
