<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The charge follows the mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game at Etihad Stadium, which Chelsea won 3-1.
City had forward Sergio Aguero and midfielder Fernandinho sent off, but Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas will not face any further action.
City manager Pep Guardiola apologised for his team's part in the incident.
Aguero, 28, received a four-match ban for what was his second dismissal for violent conduct this season, following a high and late challenge on Chelsea defender David Luiz.
Fernandinho clashed with Fabregas in the scuffle that followed Aguero's challenge, and the Brazil midfielder will serve a three-match ban.
Both clubs have until 18:00 GMT on 8 December to respond to the charge.
</Article>

<Summary>
manchester city and manchester city have been charged by the football association for violent conduct during saturday\'s premier league game at etihad stadium.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "saturday\\'s premier league",
  "manchester city and manchester city have been charged by the football association for violent conduct during saturday\\'s premier league game at etihad stadium",
  "football association",
  "manchester city and manchester city",
  "manchester city and manchester city have been charged by the football association for violent conduct during saturday\\'s premier league"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "saturday's premier league" - The article does not mention "saturday's premier league" specifically. It only mentions "the game at Etihad Stadium" and "the 95th minute of the game". Therefore, this phrase in the summary is not consistent with the article.
2. "manchester city and manchester city" - The article only mentions "Manchester City" once, and it is not repeated anywhere else in the article. The summary, on the other hand, mentions "manchester city and manchester city" twice. This is not consistent with the article, as there is no mention of "Manchester City" twice.
3. "football association" - The article mentions "the Football Association" once, but the summary does not include this phrase. Instead, it uses "the football association". This is not consistent with the article, as the article uses "the" before "Football Association".
4. "manchester city and manchester city have been charged by the football association for violent conduct during saturday's premier league" - This phrase is not consistent with the article because the article does not mention "saturday's premier league" or "violent conduct". The article only mentions that Chelsea won 3-1 and that City had two players sent off.

Overall, the summary has several consistency issues with the article, including the use of "saturday's premier league", "manchester city and manchester city", "football association", and the phrase "manchester city and manchester city have been charged by the football association for violent conduct during saturday's premier league". These inconsistencies suggest that the summary is not a accurate representation of the article.

###Corrected:
