<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The move is part of national fire service reforms unveiled by Home Secretary Theresa May last week.
Sussex PCC Katy Bourne said emergency services would have an increased duty to collaborate under the new bill.
But West Sussex County Council (WSCC) said it already had an excellent model.
East Sussex's fire authority said it would co-operate with the PCC but it believed collaboration could be achieved without elaborate structural change.
Ms Bourne said she had written to WSCC leader Louise Goldsmith and Phil Howson, East Sussex Fire Authority chairman, to request they begin to look at the feasibility of bringing both fire services under her authority.
"Just as we have one police force that effectively manages the county, we need to understand if one fire service not two could achieve the same," she said.
Ms Bourne's letter met with cross-party opposition from WSCC.
And Ms Goldsmith also invited the home secretary to visit West Sussex and see an alternative to the government's preferred plan.
Ms Goldsmith said West Sussex fire service was already integrated within the council and served communities.
She added last year's Shoreham air disaster showed how West Sussex emergency services already worked together.
East Sussex Fire Authority said it was willing to co-operate with the PCC to determine whether proposals could improve delivery of services and create efficiencies.
In a statement, it added: "[The fire authority] believes whilst close collaboration between the emergency services is essential, it can be achieved without elaborate structural change.
"It is also the fire authority's considered view that it is more accountable to the community it serves because its members are elected councillors."
</Article>

<Summary>
fire services in west sussex have been told they will not be allowed to visit the county antrim area fire service.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "not be allowed to visit the county antrim area fire service"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that the Home Secretary has announced national fire service reforms, and the Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for Sussex, Katy Bourne, has written to the leaders of West Sussex County Council (WSCC) and East Sussex Fire Authority to request that they explore the feasibility of bringing both fire services under her authority.
2. The article does not mention anything about West Sussex fire services being told they will not be allowed to visit the County Antrim area fire service. In fact, the article only mentions West Sussex and East Sussex fire services, and does not mention County Antrim at all.
3. Therefore, the statement in the summary that "fire services in West Sussex have been told they will not be allowed to visit the County Antrim area fire service" is not supported by the article. This statement is entirely fabricated and has no basis in reality.
4. The article does mention that West Sussex County Council (WSCC) has an excellent model of collaboration between the emergency services, and that East Sussex Fire Authority is willing to co-operate with the PCC to determine whether proposals could improve delivery of services and create efficiencies. However, there is no mention of any restrictions on visiting other fire services, particularly in County Antrim.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes a statement that is entirely fictional and has no basis in reality. The article does not mention anything about restrictions on visiting other fire services, and the focus is on the proposed reforms for fire services in Sussex, not in County Antrim.

###Corrected:
