<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Fellow tenants Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union, who have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue."
County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023.
"Our view is quite clear - we've got a contract," Foxall said.
"That is something that we're expecting to be honoured.
"Obviously there is a vote in early May by the shareholders for Newport Rugby and we'll wait and see what happens with that."
The WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May.
In 2013 the Exiles agreed a 10-year lease to use the stadium after gaining promotion to the Football League from the Conference.
Newport RFC chairman Will Godfrey said both County and Newport Squash Club, who are also based at Rodney Parade, are protected under their current agreements.
Godfrey said the WRU had been made aware of that fact. The WRU have signalled their intention to install an artificial surface which is against Football League rules.
On the pitch, County are two points clear of the League Two relegation with two games remaining after six wins in 10 games under caretaker manager Mike Flynn and can clinch survival this weekend if they win and rivals Hartlepool lose.
Newport secured promotion back to the Football League in 2013 and Foxall said relegation to the National League would be a "massive" blow,
"To lose that status again, in a relatively short space of time would be pretty devastating for the fans but also for the city of Newport," Foxall told BBC Wales Today.
</Article>

<Summary>
newport gwent dragons will not be given a contract before the end of the season, says the rugby football league (foxall).
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "will not be given a contract before the end of the season",
  "will not be given a contract before the end of the season, says the rugby football league "
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that "County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023." This means that Newport County have a contract to use Rodney Parade until 2023, and the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) takeover bid would need to be honored.
2. The article also states that the WRU's takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons will be put to the vote on Tuesday, 9 May. This means that the WRU's takeover is not a done deal yet, and there is still a possibility that the takeover may not happen.
3. The summary states "Newport Gwent Dragons will not be given a contract before the end of the season, says the rugby football league (foxall)." This statement is not consistent with the article, as the article does not mention anything about the WRU not giving a contract to Newport Gwent Dragons. In fact, the article states that the WRU's takeover bid is subject to a vote, and there is no guarantee that the takeover will be successful.
4. The second span in the summary, "will not be given a contract before the end of the season, says the rugby football league (foxall)," is also not consistent with the article. The article does not quote anyone named Foxall, and there is no mention of the WRU not giving a contract to Newport Gwent Dragons.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it makes statements that are not supported by the information in the article. Specifically, the summary states that the WRU will not give a contract to Newport Gwent Dragons before the end of the season, which is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
