<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The university said the move at Singleton Park was "precautionary".
South Wales Police received a call at about 13:30 BST after concerns about the safe storage of chemicals before a controlled explosion took place.
Nobody was injured and a police spokesman said a cordon erected was precautionary while the chemicals were removed.
Student Alex Jones said there was "some panic" at the start of the incident and lectures were moved away from the area to other buildings.
South Wales Police said the incident was not treated as suspicious and there was no risk to the public.
The university said the controlled explosion was carried out by the Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit after the chemicals "had become unstable".
</Article>

<Summary>
a controlled explosion has been carried out by police after an explosive device was found at a bomb disposal unit in cardiff.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "device was found",
  "carried out by police",
  "cardiff",
  "police",
  "explosive device"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "device was found": The article does not mention that an explosive device was found. Instead, it states that there were concerns about the safe storage of chemicals before a controlled explosion took place.
2. "carried out by police": The article states that the controlled explosion was carried out by the Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit, not the police.
3. "cardiff": The article does not mention the location of the incident as Cardiff. It only states that the incident took place at Singleton Park.
4. "police": The article states that South Wales Police received a call about concerns regarding the safe storage of chemicals, but it does not mention the police being involved in the controlled explosion.
5. "explosive device": The article does not mention the word "explosive device". Instead, it refers to the controlled explosion being carried out by the Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it includes information that is not supported by the text. Specifically, it implies that the police were involved in the controlled explosion, which is not accurate. Additionally, it mentions the location of the incident as Cardiff, which is not correct.

###Corrected:
