<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Migaloo is known for his distinctive colouring and for many years was the only documented all-white humpback whale in the world.
He has been sighted off the coast of New South Wales state, including the resort town of Byron Bay.
Migaloo's journey up Australia's east coast has attracted large numbers of whale enthusiasts.
The 14m-long mammal was spotted with a companion during his venture north but now appears to be travelling solo.
A Twitter account run by the White Whale Research Centre provides real-time updates of the whale's whereabouts.
</Article>

<Summary>
a humpback whale spotted off the coast of australia has been captured off the coast of western isles, scientists have said.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "scientists have said",
  "western isles",
  "captured",
  "australia has been captured off the coast of western isles, scientists have said"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
  Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. "scientists have said": The article does not mention anything about scientists making a statement or providing any information about the whale's location. Therefore, this phrase is not supported by the article.
2. "western isles": The article does not mention any location called "western isles". The article only mentions that Migaloo was spotted off the coast of New South Wales state, including the resort town of Byron Bay.
3. "captured": The article does not mention anything about the whale being captured. It only mentions that Migaloo was spotted with a companion during his venture north but now appears to be traveling solo.
4. "australia has been captured off the coast of western isles, scientists have said": This statement is not only inconsistent with the article, but it is also geographically inaccurate. Australia is a continent, not an island, and it does not have a coastline called "western isles".

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains several inaccuracies and unsupported statements.

###Corrected:
