<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
All glass and concrete beside a fast-flowing stream, the Longford Town Centre was to be a cathedral of commerce - now it stands as a monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn.
But local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing.
Matt O'Brien runs a family-owned men's clothing shop in the town centre.
Recent years have been bad - 30% down on the boom - with a member of staff having to be laid off.
But he can now see a turnaround.
"Over the last year we've noticed that business has increased, although it was coming from a low base, but we have improved," he says.
"We've done extra things to try to improve things. We've got into childrenswear and we do a very substantial dress-hire business. We've branched out into other areas, which have helped us."
Fianna Fáil, the main opposition party, is highly critical of how the Fine Gael-Labour coalition is dealing with the midlands, arguing that the half-a-billion euro investment in water meters that won't be operational for several years should instead be spent on broadband improvement.
Its local TD Robert Troy accuses the government of negligence and says a targeted approach is needed for the area.
"The Industrial Development Authority (IDA) haven't brought one potential client to Longford in over four years," he says.
"And if the IDA, which is charged with bringing foreign direct investment to the regions, isn't marketing Longford, isn't showing Longford to potential clients, how then can we expect foreign direct investment to come to Longford?"
But the government says it is doing its bit for County Longford, with the recent announcement that holiday company Center Parcs hopes to employ about 1,000 people at its planned tourism development in Ballymahon in the county when it opens in 2019.
However, the proposed 200m euro (£146m) centre in 340 acres of wooded area still has to get planning permission.
Nevertheless, James Bannon, the local Fine Gael TD, is confident the venture will be a success.
He says: "The midlands has some of the finest scenery and watersports that you could avail of anywhere in the world.
"You have the Shannon, just three miles from here you have the River Inny, you have the Royal Canal, you have huge infrastructure here and we're always open for new tourists to come in to this area."
The Center Parcs announcement will not harm the government's chances in next year's expected general election, but traders like Matt O'Brien believe more could be done to boost local business.
"At the moment a lot of people are unhappy at paying for parking on the street," he says.
"Some of our neighbouring towns don't have parking charges. There are issues with the council and if we had free parking it would help bring more people into the town."
So, the message coming from the midlands is that while it, too, is starting to see the beginnings of an economic recovery more still needs to be done.
</Article>

<Summary>
it is the word of the longford town of longford town, but it is not enough to know about the future of the longford town.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary states that "it is the word of the longford town of longford town." This is not consistent with the article, as the article discusses the town's economy and businesses, but does not provide any information about the town's future.
2. The summary does not provide any specific information about the town's economy or businesses, unlike the article which provides details about the challenges faced by local traders and the government's efforts to boost the local economy.
3. The summary does not mention any of the key points mentioned in the article, such as the decline of the Celtic Tiger, the impact of the economic crash on the town, or the government's investment in water meters and broadband improvement.
4. The summary does not provide any context or background information about the town or its economy, unlike the article which provides historical context and details about the town's location and natural resources.

Overall, the summary does not accurately reflect the content of the article and does not provide any useful information about the future of Longford town.

###Corrected:
1. The summary states that "it is the word of the longford town of longford town." This is not consistent with the article, as the article discusses the town's economy and businesses, but does not provide any information about the town's future.
2. The summary does not provide any specific information about the town's economy or businesses, unlike the article which provides details about the challenges faced by local traders and the government's efforts to boost the local economy.
3. The summary does not mention any of the key points mentioned in the article, such as the decline of the Celtic Tiger, the impact of the economic crash on the town, or the government's investment in water meters and broadband improvement.
4. The summary does not provide any context or background information about the town or its economy, unlike the article which provides historical context and details about the town's location and natural resources.
