<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    a man accused of murdering vincent barker 30 years ago has told a jury he was ``preventable\'\'and ``preventable\'\'. 

    Article: 
    Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich.
The prosecution told Ipswich Crown Court the conduct of eye specialist Honey Rose, 35, was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal".
Ms Rose denies a charge of gross negligence manslaughter.
Read more on this story and other news from Suffolk
Jonathan Rees QC said the alleged failure of Ms Rose, of Newham, east London, to detect Vinnie's swollen optic discs during the routine test, and refer him on for further investigation, was "at the heart of the prosecution case".
A build-up of fluid in his brain increased pressure in Vinnie's skull and ultimately led to his death, the court heard.
"The prosecution allege that Vinnie's death was preventable and would have been prevented had the defendant, Ms Rose, done her job properly," he told the jury.
"Given the risk of death involved, her conduct was so bad in all of the circumstances - it fell so far below the standards to be expected of a competent optometrist - that it was criminal."
The trial continues. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the man accused of murdering Vincent Barker 30 years ago told the jury that the death was "preventable" and "avoidable."
2. However, the article states that Vincent Barker died in 2012, and the man on trial is an eye specialist named Honey Rose, who is accused of gross negligence manslaughter.
3. The article explains that the prosecution alleges that Honey Rose failed to detect swollen optic discs in Vincent's eyes during a routine test, which led to his death.
4. The article quotes the prosecutor, Jonathan Rees QC, as saying that Honey Rose's conduct was "so far below the expected standard it was 'criminal'".
5. Therefore, based on the information in the article, it is not accurate to say that the death was "preventable" or "avoidable", as the death was caused by Honey Rose's alleged negligence and not by any intentional act.

So, the summary is not consistent with the article because it suggests that the death was preventable, whereas the article states that the death was caused by Honey Rose's negligence.

###Corrected:
