<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
He spent last season in charge of the Under-20 development squad, but will not return for the start of pre-season training.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel, leaving Durrant without a position at Ibrox.
He spent 14 years as a player at Rangers, before returning as a coach in 2005.
Durrant held several positions in the youth set-up, then stepped up to work with the first team during Walter Smith's second spell as manager in 2007.
He was first-team coach when Ally McCoist succeeded Smith in 2011, then returned to working with the youths again after McCoist resigned during season 2014-15.
</Article>

<Summary>
rangers have confirmed the appointment of manager paul durrant to remain as manager at the end of the season.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The article states that Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel, which means he wants to change the coaches, but the summary states that Paul Durrant will remain as manager at the end of the season. This is not consistent with the article.
2. The article mentions that Durrant spent 14 years as a player at Rangers and has been a coach at the club for over 10 years, but the summary does not mention any of this information.
3. The article states that Durrant was first-team coach when Ally McCoist succeeded Smith in 2011, but the summary does not mention this information.
4. The article states that Durrant returned to working with the youths again after McCoist resigned during season 2014-15, but the summary does not mention this information.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately reflect the information in the article. The summary should have included the fact that Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel and that Durrant has been a coach at Rangers for over 10 years, as well as the other information mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
1. The article states that Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel, which means he wants to change the coaches, but the summary states that Paul Durrant will remain as manager at the end of the season. This is not consistent with the article.
2. The article mentions that Durrant spent 14 years as a player at Rangers and has been a coach at the club for over 10 years, but the summary does not mention any of this information.
3. The article states that Durrant was first-team coach when Ally McCoist succeeded Smith in 2011, but the summary does not mention this information.
