<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The paper ran a front page headline calling the comedian a "hypocrite" because he campaigns for economic and political "revolution" to help poorer people, yet he lives in a luxury home.
It's an accusation often made against the star.
How can such a rich man claim to speak up for the poor?
Viewers of Brand's vlogs - The Trews - are familiar with the inside of his spacious London home. It looks lovely and airy. It has wooden floors and exposed brickwork.
When the St Trinian's star was outside the prime minister's Downing Street home - supporting a campaign by residents of an east London estate who fear they will be turfed out of their homes to allow richer renters to move in - Brand was asked about his own accommodation by a TV reporter.
"Part of the problem is the super-rich buying property in London, isn't it? What kind of rent are you paying?"
Brand wasn't very happy with the question. He called the Channel 4 News journalist "a snide", before walking off.
Newsbeat contacted Brand to see if he was really going to take legal action against The Sun and its owner Rupert Murdoch.
He didn't reply, though he has been tweeting about The Sun and it's accusations of hypocrisy - using the hashtag #TheSunLogic.
The star's been condemned as a hypocrite plenty of times before. Here's how he's explained it in the past.
"Don't think I'm unaware of the inevitability of such a charge. I know, I know. I'm rich, I'm famous, I have money... There is no doubt that I as much as anyone have to change.
"Revolution is change. I believe in change, personal change most of all. Know, too that I have seen what fame and fortune have to offer and I know it's not the answer.
"Of course I have to change as an individual and part of that will be sharing wealth, though without systemic change, that will be a sweet, futile gesture."
"I can't deny that I've done a lot of daft things while I was under the capitalist fugue, some silly telly, soppy scandals, movies better left unmade.
"It's easy to attack me, I'm a right twerp, I'm a junkie and a cheeky monkey, I accept it, but that doesn't detract from the incontrovertible fact that we are living in a time of huge economic disparity and confronting ecological disaster."
"Now I'm rich and I complain about inequality they say I'm a hypocrite. I'm beginning to think they just don't want inequality on the agenda because it is a real problem that needs to be addressed."
"A system that has posited me on a lilo made of thighs in an ocean filled with honey and foie gras'd my Essex arse with undue praise and money.
"The hypocrisy ... is a problem that can be taken care of incrementally."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
</Article>

<Summary>
``i \'m rich, futile and uncontrollable, i \'m writing a lot of... it... it\'\'.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

The provided summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately represent the content or tone of the article. Here's why:

1. The summary only includes one sentence from the article, which is not representative of the entire article. The article is a comprehensive report on Russell Brand's response to being called a hypocrite for campaigning for economic and political revolution while living in a luxury home.
2. The sentence chosen for the summary is taken out of context and does not accurately reflect the content of the article. The sentence "i'm rich, futile and uncontrollable, i'm writing a lot of... it... it" is not present in the article and does not reflect the tone or message of the article.
3. The summary does not include any information about the article's main points, such as Brand's response to the accusations of hypocrisy, his explanation of his wealth and fame, or his views on systemic change.

Overall, the summary is not a accurate representation of the article and does not provide any useful information about the content or tone of the article.

###Corrected:
