<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Glamorgan's total was dominated by Nick Selman's mature 101 off 144 balls, his second first-class century.
But seamers Matt Taylor and Craig Miles made sure wickets fell at regular intervals in cloudy conditions in the Welsh capital.
Gloucestershire struggled in turn as the bowlers remained on top all day.
Selman's century, after being dropped on eight in the first over, was a welcome return to form for the Brisbane-born opener after a string of low scores following his hundred against Northants at Swansea.
Aneurin Donald's quick-fire 36 off 30 balls was the next best contribution as Taylor and Miles prospered in the afternoon.
Graham Wagg and Timm van der Gugten scrambled Glamorgan to a consolation bonus point.
Gloucestershire's innings was a question of survival in the evening gloom, with the day ending evenly balanced.
Glamorgan are being led by Michael Hogan for the first time in the absence of Jacques Rudolph, who has a neck problem.
Glamorgan batsman Nick Selman told BBC Wales Sport:
"It was good to get some runs for a change, the wicket was a bit slow and they bowled a bit short early on so I got through the first 25 overs and it got easier to bat from there, but it was a bit disappointing to get out just after I got a hundred.
"(My season) was going well up until after (a century in) Swansea, after Swansea four ducks in a row, but it was good to spend some time in the middle at Northants.
"Opening the batting in county cricket over here (in the UK), it's definitely hard, you get some good balls, you play on some green wickets and I was struggling a bit.
"I was happy to get a few today and hopefully I can continue that for the rest of the season."
Gloucestershire seamer Matt Taylor told BBC Radio Bristol:
"There's definitely a bit on offer out there (for the bowlers), we didn't start exactly how we'd like but we got there in the end and we'd take bowling them out for 220.
"I was pretty happy with that (hitting the stumps three times), the same plan as always is to hit the top of off-stump and luckily they missed them today.
"I was pleased to get an opportunity in T20 and the white-ball stuff this year, now I'm getting an opportunity with the red ball it's great.
"It's definitely going to be tough (for the Gloucestershire batsmen), they're a good bowling attack but hopefully we can dig in and get to a reasonable score."
</Article>

<Summary>
glamorgan set up an unlikely one-day cup victory over gloucestershire after being set a target of 182 to spare in a rain-affected match.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "glamorgan set up an unlikely one-day cup victory over gloucestershire after being set a target of 182 to spare in a rain-affected match"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Glamorgan were set a target of 182 to win, but the summary states that they set up an unlikely one-day cup victory over Gloucestershire. This implies that Glamorgan won the match, which is not supported by the article.
2. The article mentions that the match was rain-affected, but the summary makes no mention of this. This inconsistency suggests that the summary is not accurately representing the content of the article.
3. The article states that Glamorgan's batsman Nick Selman scored a century, but the summary makes no mention of this. This is a significant omission, as the century was a key aspect of the match.
4. The summary states that Gloucestershire were bowled out for 220, but the article states that they were bowled out for 220 in the evening gloom, with the day ending evenly balanced. This suggests that the summary is not accurately representing the state of the match at the end of the day.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it omits key details, misrepresents the state of the match, and implies that Glamorgan won the match, which is not supported by the article.

###Corrected:
