<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The 25-year-old wing has crossed codes from Super League side Wigan Warriors, in arguably the most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess' move to Bath.
Burgess' time in union only lasted a year, but Chorley-born Charnley is hoping he can take to the game more naturally.
"I just want to learn it and not have to ask where I should be stood. I just want to have it free-flowing," he told BBC Sport.
Since his move to Sale was announced in March, Charnley has been to the AJ Bell Stadium to watch the team as much as possible.
With his focus on league as a youngster, he did not grow up watching the Premiership, Six Nations or England internationals.
"I've wanted to try union for a while," he added.
"I've been lucky enough to be successful in league and achieve things that not many people can achieve so when the opportunity came to switch codes, I couldn't turn it down.
"I've been watching a lot of games and analysing it. It is one of those where I need to watch as much as I can as I need to know what I need to be doing."
Charnley said he was having to adapt to a different way of training and the pace of the game in union.
"I was doing some clearing out the other day and it hurt my neck," Charnley said with a wry smile.
"It is getting my body used to it. I'm used to running between two people and getting up and down and this is different.
"It's good, it's a new challenge and I'm excited for it all."
He signed off with his hometown club in the perfect way, scoring a try at the Grand Final at Old Trafford as Wigan beat Warrington 12-6 last month.
His stats in rugby league were staggering - 165 tries in 176 appearances - and Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond does not want to suppress that natural ability to cross the whitewash.
"We're not going to take away anything that he has already got, we can't enhance that at all at the moment," said 48-year-old ex-Sale hooker Diamond.
"We have a good management structure here. We understand what we're bringing from one sport to another and the differences in the codes.
"We have to settle him in; we don't want to rush him in. I think he will be nothing like the Sam Burgess affair that happened."
There is a long line of Wigan players moving to union, and in recent times both Chris Ashton and Joel Tomkins have become cross-code internationals, but still the most successful was Jason Robinson's switch.
England head coach Eddie Jones has spoken about Charnley as having the ability to join the list of players who have represented their country in both codes.
"The potential is there, without a doubt," former Sharks and England winger Mark Cueto told North West Tonight.
"You don't want to pile the pressure on him but he has the ability to do it, and I'm sure he will.
"He has such a good career so far, so as a long as he does that in a Sale shirt then he is always going to have a sniff."
Asked if he thought about running out at Twickenham, Charnley added: "Any player wants to play for their country. You want to put that jersey on.
"If I'm lucky enough to be successful enough to get picked then it will be a nice thing on my CV."
</Article>

<Summary>
sale sharks captain chris charnley says he is confident his side can avoid relegation from next season\'s super league game.
</Summary>

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]

1. The summary is not consistent with the article because the article does not mention anything about Sale Sharks avoiding relegation or the Super League. The article is about Chris Charnley's move from rugby league to union and his hopes to succeed in his new sport.
2. The summary is a direct quote from Charnley, but the context of the quote is not provided in the summary. The quote is taken out of context and does not accurately reflect the content of the article.
3. The article does not mention anything about Charnley being the captain of Sale Sharks. While Charnley is mentioned in the article as the player who has switched from rugby league to union, there is no mention of him being the captain of the team.
4. The summary is a misleading representation of the article's content. It does not accurately reflect the main points of the article and instead focuses on a minor aspect of the article that is not even mentioned in the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it does not accurately represent the content of the article and instead focuses on a minor aspect that is not even mentioned in the article.

###Corrected:
