<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the author of the crime novel novels has been awarded the freedom of the book awards for the year award. 

    Article: 
    Hilary won the Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award in Harrogate on Thursday.
Radio Times TV editor Alison Graham, who was one of the judges, described the book as "an emotionally exhausting and powerful story".
US author Sara Paretsky, who created detective VI Warshawski, received an outstanding contribution honour.
The accolades were handed out at the start of the North Yorkshire town's annual crime writing festival.
Shetland and Vera writer Ann Cleeves, this year's festival programming chair, said the crime novel of the year shortlist had been "really strong" this year.
The panel had felt Hilary's winning book was "so finely written and tightly written", she said.
Someone Else's Skin, a thriller that tackles domestic violence and so-called honour crime, is the first in a series of novels featuring Det Insp Marnie Rome.
"The author was able to conjure up atmosphere in very few lines," Cleeves said. "The subject matter was well done and well plotted."
The other books on the shortlist were:
Sara Paretsky was chosen for the outstanding contribution to crime fiction award after her 23-year career writing about VI Warshawski, a female private investigator from Chicago.
Actress Kathleen Turner played VI Warshawski in a 1991 movie based on the Deadlock novel and in a BBC Radio 4 adaptation.
VI Warshawski was "a real game changer", Cleeves said. "This was a woman who didn't just solve crimes but was like an action hero in a sense."
Paretsky "really changed the way that readers thought about female writers", Cleeves said.
"When she started writing, it was pretty well unheard of to have a strong female protagonist," she added.
Paretsky also set up Sisters In Crime, an organisation to support female crime writers around the world. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the author of the crime novel novels has been awarded the freedom of the book awards for the year award. However, the article does not mention anything about the author being awarded the freedom of the book awards.
2. The summary mentions that the book is a thriller that tackles domestic violence and so-called honour crime, but the article does not provide any information about the book's genre or themes.
3. The summary states that the author received an outstanding contribution honour, but the article only mentions that Sara Paretsky received an outstanding contribution honour for her 23-year career writing about VI Warshawski.
4. The summary mentions that the book is the first in a series of novels featuring Det Insp Marnie Rome, but the article does not provide any information about the book being part of a series.
5. The summary states that the panel had felt Hilary's winning book was "so finely written and tightly written", but the article does not provide any information about the panel's thoughts on the book.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains information that is not present in the article, such as the author being awarded the freedom of the book awards, the book being a thriller, and the book being part of a series. Additionally, the summary includes information that is not accurate, such as the author receiving an outstanding contribution honour.

###Corrected:
