<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said a  new charter arrangement would end the long-running row over seafarers' pay.
The RMT union had claimed some workers on board two freight boats were paid less than £4 an hour.
The charter change will see contracted out services return to operator Serco Northlink from next month.
The freight vessels Hellier and Hildasay have been operated by Seatruck, which is contracted to run the service by Serco Northlink.
Seatruck argued the national minimum wage was not applicable to the crew, many of whom are non-UK residents.
Serco Northlink said it had repeatedly offered to bridge the pay gap and backdate it, but Seatruck declined to accept.
Mr Yousaf said the new arrangements would come into force early next month subject to some financial and regulatory details being finalised.
He said: "I'm very pleased to see an agreement in principle now in place to end this long running issue around the freight vessels serving the Northern Isles.
"The new charter basis will allow the wage issue to be resolved. Going forward, I can confirm that all crew members will be paid at least the minimum wage."
Serco Northlink was awarded the six-year £243m Northern Isles contract in 2012.
It operates three ferries and two cargo boats to the Northern Isles on a route which is heavily subsidised by the Scottish government.
</Article>

<Summary>
serco\'s chief executive has said he is ``very pleased\'\'to see the national minimum wage for the northern isles freight contract.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "chief executive"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said a new charter arrangement would end the long-running row over seafarers' pay.
2. The summary states that Serco's chief executive is "very pleased" to see the national minimum wage for the Northern Isles freight contract.
3. The article does not mention anything about the chief executive of Serco being pleased about the national minimum wage. Instead, it quotes Transport Minister Humza Yousaf as saying that he is pleased to see an agreement in place to end the long-running issue over seafarers' pay.
4. Therefore, the statement in the summary that Serco's chief executive is "very pleased" to see the national minimum wage for the Northern Isles freight contract is not supported by the article.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it attributes a quote to Serco's chief executive that is not present in the article.

###Corrected:
