<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    the new campus of scotland\'s largest education campus is to be renamed in honour of author william mcilvanney. 

    Article: 
    The £45m facility, to be built at Sutherland Drive in Kilmarnock, will house primary and secondary schools, a Gaelic school and a childcare centre.
East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour.
The renowned writer was born and educated in Kilmarnock.
Council leader Douglas Reid said he was delighted to be able to "preserve" the William McIlvanney name in Kilmarnock as the writer was "passionate about the provision of good education for young people".
McIlvanney became an English teacher after graduating from Glasgow University but changed career in 1975 to write full time.
He gained immediate recognition with the publication of his first novel - Remedy Is None - and through other works he earned the title of "Godfather of Tartan Noir".
McIlvanney wrote the acclaimed Laidlaw trilogy and other Glasgow-based works such as Docherty and The Big Man.
He was also an influential poet, journalist and broadcaster, and contributed to political and sporting life in Scotland through a series of columns and TV programmes.
The novelist died at his Glasgow home on 5 December. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that the new campus in Scotland will be renamed in honor of author William McIlvanney.
2. However, the article does not mention anything about renaming the campus. Instead, it discusses the new £45m facility that will be built in Kilmarnock and the various schools and centers that will be housed there.
3. The only mention of William McIlvanney in the article is that the council leader, Douglas Reid, stated that he was delighted to be able to "preserve" the William McIlvanney name in Kilmarnock as the writer was "passionate about the provision of good education for young people".
4. This suggests that the council is considering naming the campus after McIlvanney, but the article does not confirm this.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it states that the campus will be renamed in honor of McIlvanney, while the article only mentions that the council is considering naming the campus after him.

###Corrected:
