<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
South Wimbledon and Queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms.
Transport for London (TfL) said it would save £50m annually as it tries to save £4.2bn by 2020.
But Manuel Cortes, from the TSSA union, said London Mayor Boris Johnson was "rushing through" the closures.
Mr Cortes, leader of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association said: "Talks on the safety implications of closing over 250 stations have not even been concluded.
"The mayor doesn't seem concerned about how millions of tourists will cope with fewer staff to help them on their way."
TfL said all stations would remain staffed and 150 new ticket machines would be installed by April 2016.
It added that new visitor centres would be created at larger stations such as Victoria and King's Cross to help visitors.
Nick Brown, London Underground's chief operating officer, said more staff were being placed "where they can offer the best possible assistance" as only 3% of Tube tickets were bought at ticket offices.
He said: "This forms part of our wider vision for the Tube, which includes a 24-hour weekend service on core parts of the network."
But the changes have led to previous strikes by the Aslef and RMT unions.
Labour's London Assembly transport spokeswoman Val Shawcross said: "When he was elected, Boris Johnson promised Londoners he would protect the capital's ticket offices, but today he starts the process of dismantling each and every one of them.
"Whilst there is obviously a big role for ticket machines to play, there is no substitute for a member of staff."
London Underground said after 100 meetings with unions the number of roles to be reduced had fallen from 950 to 897 with no member of staff facing compulsory redundancy or losing money.
</Article>

<Summary>
london underground (tfl) has said it will save more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "save more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money",
  "more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that London Underground (TfL) is planning to close over 250 ticket offices and move staff to ticket halls and platforms. This is mentioned in the second paragraph of the article.
2. The summary states that London Underground (TfL) is planning to save more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money. This is the first sentence of the summary.
3. The problem with the summary is that it suggests that London Underground (TfL) is planning to save all 250+ ticket offices, when in fact the article states that only 3% of Tube tickets are bought at ticket offices and that the closures are part of a drive to save money.
4. The article does not mention anything about saving all 250+ ticket offices. Instead, it states that the closures will save £50m annually and that the money will be used to improve the Tube service.
5. Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it implies that London Underground (TfL) is planning to save all 250+ ticket offices, when in fact the article states that only some of the ticket offices will be closed as part of a drive to save money.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it exaggerates the number of ticket offices that will be saved and implies that London Underground (TfL) is planning to save all 250+ ticket offices, when in fact the article states that only some of the ticket offices will be closed as part of a drive to save money.

###Corrected:
