<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
The emergency services were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00.
Police Scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time. Her relatives have been informed.
Det Insp Richard Baird said the fire was not thought to be suspicious, but the damage caused had prevented entry to the property.
He said: "A joint investigation with the fire service will be carried out.
"Enquiries are at a very early stage, however, initial enquiries would suggest there are no suspicious circumstances.
"Due to the extensive structural damage and uncertainty of the building, gaining access to the property will take some considerable time.
"Structural engineers will advise when it will be safe to enter the property."
</Article>

<Summary>
a fire at a house in dunmurry, county antrim, is to be carried out, police have said.
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "dunmurry, county antrim, is to be carried out",
  "dunmurry, county antrim"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article is about a fire in the Sangomore area of Durness, Scotland, while the summary mentions a house in Dunmurry, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. This is the first inconsistency.
2. The article states that the fire is not thought to be suspicious, but the damage caused has prevented entry to the property. The summary does not mention anything about the fire being non-suspicious or the damage caused.
3. The article mentions that the fire service will be conducting a joint investigation with the police, but the summary does not mention the fire service or any investigation.
4. The article states that the enquiries are at a very early stage and that structural engineers will advise when it will be safe to enter the property, but the summary does not mention any of this information.

Therefore, based on these inconsistencies, it is clear that the summary is not consistent with the article.

###Corrected:
