<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
Find out why.

<Article>
Luke, 18, is one of 14 successful candidates from the 282 youngsters who entered the Fighting Chance scheme.
GB Taekwondo chief Gary Hall said that, like his sister Jade, the teenager is "a good character".
Hall added: "He hasn't got the tactical game finesse his sister has but he has a lot of the basic ingredients."
The 14 who made the cut will undergo a three-month training regime before fighting at the Austrian Open in June.
Performance director Hall added: "This group is really strong. We have done [the Fighting Chance scheme] four times and this has got to be one of the strongest intakes we have had.
"They will go on a three-month programme, including participation in the Austrian Open, to see how they perform.
"If they are really making progress in the system then we will continue with them."
Find out how to get into taekwondo in our special guide.
</Article>

<Summary>
great britain\'s olympic taekwondo champion luke luke has been cut off at the austrian taekwondo federation (austrian).
</Summary>

For your information, it's reported that the following spans in the summary have consistency issues:
[
  "great britain\\'s olympic taekwondo champion luke luke has been cut off at the austrian taekwondo federation (austrian)"
]

Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
 Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The article states that Luke is one of 14 successful candidates in the Fighting Chance scheme, and that he will undergo a three-month training regime before fighting at the Austrian Open in June. This implies that Luke has been selected for further training and will have the opportunity to compete at the Austrian Open.
2. The summary states that "great britain's olympic taekwondo champion luke luke has been cut off at the austrian taekwondo federation (austrian)". This statement is inconsistent with the article, as there is no mention of Luke being cut off or rejected by the Austrian Taekwondo Federation.
3. The phrase "cut off" suggests that Luke's participation in the Fighting Chance scheme has been terminated, which is not supported by the article. The article states that Luke will undergo a three-month training regime, which implies that his participation in the scheme is ongoing.
4. The summary also refers to Luke as "great britain's olympic taekwondo champion", which is not accurate. The article does not mention anything about Luke being an Olympic champion.

Therefore, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains inaccurate information and implies that Luke has been rejected by the Austrian Taekwondo Federation, which is not supported by the text.

###Corrected:
