<s>[INST] Note that consistency means all information in the summary is supported by the article. 
    It's known that the following summary is not consistent with the article. 
    Find out why.

    Summary: 
    ireland ran in nine tries as they beat afghanistan in the final of the first twenty20 international in afghanistan. 

    Article: 
    Opener Stuart Thompson hit 56 while Gary Wilson (41 no) and captain William Porterfield (39) added valuable runs as Ireland made 165-5 in Greater Noida.
It was not enough with Samiullah Shenwari (56) and Mohammad Shahzad (47) helping the Afghans to 171-4 with two overs to spare.
The sides meet again in the second T20 at the same venue on Friday.
Ireland suffered an early blow when opener Paul Stirling was dismissed for a duck and with just one run on the board.
Thompson and Porterfield steadied the innings before Wilson helped the Irish to a competitive total.
Shahzad and Najeeb Tarakai (27) put on an opening stand of 51 as Afghanistan cruised to their victory target.
Afghan spinner Amir Hamza (2-23) was the only bowler to take more than one wicket on a day when the bat dominated.
"We fell a little bit short of potentially a very big score. We could have added another 15 and gotten up to the 180 we were looking for," said Porterfield.
"As well as we played I thought we just came up short with the ball. We didn't quite execute things as well as we would have liked."
The loss of paceman Boyd Rankin for the T20s, because of a back problem, was another setback for the Irish on Wednesday.
Rankin is expected to return for the five ODIs against Afghanistan, starting on 15 March. 

    Explain your reasoning step by step:[/INST]
     Sure! Here's my reasoning step by step:

1. The summary states that Ireland ran in nine tries, but the article does not mention anything about Ireland scoring nine tries. Instead, the article mentions that Ireland made 165-5 in Greater Noida.
2. The summary also states that Afghanistan beat Ireland in the final of the first T20 international, but the article does not mention that it was the final match of the series. Instead, it states that the sides meet again in the second T20 at the same venue on Friday.
3. The summary mentions that Paul Stirling was dismissed for a duck, but the article does not mention this.
4. The summary states that Thompson and Porterfield steadied the innings, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that Thompson hit 56 and Porterfield made 39.
5. The summary mentions that Shahzad and Najeeb Tarakai put on an opening stand of 51, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that Shahzad made 47 and Tarakai made 27.
6. The summary states that Afghanistan cruised to their victory target, but the article does not mention this. Instead, it states that Afghanistan made 171-4 with two overs to spare.
7. The summary quotes Porterfield as saying that Ireland fell a little bit short of a potentially big score, but the article does not mention this quote.

Overall, the summary is not consistent with the article because it contains several inaccuracies and exaggerations. For example, Ireland did not score nine tries, and Afghanistan did not beat Ireland in the final match of the series. Additionally, the summary mentions events that did not happen in the article, such as Paul Stirling being dismissed for a duck and Thompson and Porterfield steadying the innings.

###Corrected:
