<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Team-mates Neymar and Dani Alves proved their dedication to Barcelona by supporting the club’s basketball side. Neymar and Alves headed to watch El Clasico on Thursday night alongside the Brazilian's sister Rafaella. Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest. Brazil star Neymar (centre) takes a selfie with friends and Barcelona team-mate Dani Alves (right) However Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference. Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a feisty contest and had to withstand several brutal challenges from the South American rivals. Before the international break Luis Enrique's Barcelona had won their El Clasico contest to move four points clear at the top of La Liga. Neymar and his Barcelona team-mates return to La Liga on Sunday, taking on Celta Vigo as they continue to compete for a treble of trophies. Neymar's sister Rafaella (left) headed to watch El Clasico of basketball with the Barcelona forward . Neymar's sister Rafaella (right) attends a Euro League basketball match between Barcelona and Real Madrid . Neymar is distracted at the basketball as his sister Rafaella (centre) watches on . Neymar, Brazil's captain, led his national side to a 1-0 win over Chile at the Emirates last weekend . Barcelona team-mate Dani Alves (front left) joined Neymar and friends to watch some live basketball . Gary Medel walks off having appeared to stamp on Neymar at the Emirates on Sunday .
</Article>

<Claim>
neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona . neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday . real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their rivals .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Neymar and Dani Alves proved their dedication to Barcelona by supporting the club's basketball side.

Sentence: Neymar and Alves headed to watch El Clasico on Thursday night alongside the Brazilian's sister Rafaella.

2. The article states that Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.

Sentence: Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a feisty contest.

3. The article states that Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference.

Sentence: Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their rivals, just by points difference.

4. The article states that Neymar and his Barcelona team-mates return to La Liga on Sunday, taking on Celta Vigo as they continue to compete for a treble of trophies.

Sentence: Neymar and his Barcelona team-mates return to La Liga on Sunday, taking on Celta Vigo as they continue to compete for a treble of trophies.

###Corrected:
