<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao but admit a deal is complicated. The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009 and River Plate are open to Falcao returning. During an interview with Esto es River program, vice president Matias Patanian said: 'We dream of Falcao Garcia. The doors are open.' River Plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel Falcao who has struggled on loan at Manchester United . River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open' The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals - and it remains to be seen whether United will exercise the option to keep the frontman or whether he will return to parent club Monaco. However, Falcao has been in good goalscoring form for his countrythis week, finding the net three times in two games to equal Colombia’s all-time goalscoring record with 24 goals. Joining River Plate at the age of 15 in 2001 before making his first-team debut four years later, Falcao went on to score 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Primera Division club. Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his four seasons in the first team .
</Article>

<Claim>
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits club 'dream' of Falcao . Manchester United striker has struggled on loan at Old Trafford . Falcao spent eight years with River Plate before leaving for Porto in 2009 . 
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club "dream of Falcao" in the following sentence:

"River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open'."

2. The article states that Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Old Trafford in the following sentence:

"The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals -"

3. The article states that Falcao spent eight years with River Plate before leaving for Porto in 2009 in the following sentence:

"Falcao spent eight years with River Plate before leaving for Porto in 2009."

Therefore, the three sentences in the article that express the claim are:

1. "River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open'."
2. "The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals -"
3. "Falcao spent eight years with River Plate before leaving for Porto in 2009."

###Corrected:
