<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
He may not be playing much at Manchester United but Anders Lindegaard certainly has a lot to smile about off the pitch as he enjoyed a spot of sunshine with stunning wife Misse Beqiri. Lindegaard tied the knot with the Swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius. And the United goalkeeper, who has struggled for minutes throughout his career in Manchester, was keen to remind fans via his Instagram page of his marriage to stunning Beqiri. Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard made the most of the English weather with Misse Beqiri . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . Danish international Lindegaard posted a link to Beqiri's Instagram account with the message: 'Day off with my sunshine @missebeqiri #cheshire #manchester' The Swedish beauty, who has Albanian roots, likes to flaunt her good looks on Instagram and regularly posts pictures while she's modelling at work. Lindegaard and Beqiri, who have a son together, have been dating since 2012. The 31-year-old moved to the Premier League in 2010 after signing from Norwegian side Aalesunds but has failed to make an impact. Beqiri, who is Swedish but has Albanian roots, regularly posts modelling photos on her Instagram page . With over 17,000 followers on Instagram, Beqiri made sure she showed her new haircut to her legion of fans . Lindegaard and Beqiri have been dating since 2012 and they married in a romantic Mauritius beach wedding . In five seasons, he has made just 19 league appearances and has been restricted to cup matches during his time in Manchester. With David de Gea in exceptional form under Louis van Gaal and Victor Valdes signing for the Red Devils in January, Lindegaard is now third-choice at Old Trafford. Lindergaard, who has been told he can leave United, was linked with a move to FC Midtjylland in January but the two clubs could not agree on a price. But despite his failure on the pitch, he's definitely winning away from it. The Denmark international (right) has struggled for regular football at Old Trafford since arriving in 2010 .
</Article>

<Claim>
Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard enjoyed time off . The Danish international married Misse Beqiri last year . The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012 . Lindegaard has struggled for first-team football at Old Trafford . 
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Anders Lindegaard enjoyed time off with his wife Misse Beqiri, which supports the claim that he had time off.
2. The article mentions that Lindegaard married Beqiri last year, which supports the claim that the couple got married.
3. The article states that the couple have a son together, which supports the claim that they have a child together.
4. The article mentions that Lindegaard has struggled for first-team football at Old Trafford, which supports the claim that he has struggled for regular football.

###Corrected:
