<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Mexican restaurant Chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in Nation's Restaurant News. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand. New venture: Mexican restaurant Chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given Postmates the green light, New York Daily News reports. The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to Uber taxis. Chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants. Republican contender Marco Rubio is a regular in the outlets and recently told MailOnline that he always tips staff. Cashing on delivery market: The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . And just one day into her presidential campaign, Hillary Clinton was seen in a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio where she ordered a chicken dish with guacamole, a chicken salad and fruit juice. Chipotle is not the only franchise hoping to cash in on the lucrative delivery market. Starbucks, which will deliver cups of coffee in parts of Seattle and New York by the end of the year, has also partnered with Postmates. Taco Bell recently announced plans to test a delivery service this year, McDonald's 'McDelivery' program is in the planning process and Burger King has launched a pilot program in select markets, including parts of New York City, through bkdelivers.com. Celebrity customers: Hillary Clinton was spotted ordering a meal at Chipotle in Ohio earlier this month - one day into her presidential campaign . Another candidate: Security camera footage obtained by conservative news publication IJ Review released online this month shows Florida senator Marco Rubio visiting a Washington, D.C. Chipotle .
</Article>

<Claim>
mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that "Mexican restaurant Chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors."

2. The article also mentions that "the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand."

###Corrected:
