<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the Barclays Premier League having fought through a tough and long season at Anfield. Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night, equalling the record for appearances by any player in the top five European leagues so far this campaign. But the England midfielder believes that after finding winning form again following poor results against Manchester United and Arsenal, Liverpool can pile the pressure on to City who sit four points above them in the race for the Champions League. Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the  Premier League . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night . Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind . 'We knew it was an important game for us,' Henderson said 'Obviously the last couple of weeks in the Premier League have been disappointing both with performances and results. We knew today we needed to put that right and I think we did that with a great result for us. 'We've got ground to make up but we'll just keep going, keep winning in games and putting in performances. Come the end of the season, you never know.' Raheem Sterling pulled off some fine skill to open the scoring in the ninth minute at Anfield before Joe Allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first Anfield goal with 20 minutes to go. Raheem Sterling pulled off some fine skill to open the scoring in the ninth minute at Anfield on Monday night . Joe Allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first Anfield goal to make it 2-0 with 20 minutes to go . 'It was great to get that goal to give us that two-goal cushion,' Allen said. 'It wasn't my best game but I got the goal and helped the team. It was important after the defeats.' Newcastle had what looked a strong shout for a penalty when Dejan Lovren appeared to foul Ayoze Perez in the area, and Allen admitted he thought it was a spot-kick. 'I did get a good view of it as I'd missed the ball in the build-up,' he said. 'It look a good shout for a penalty, but I didn't get one the other night. These things happen.' Liverpool's players congratulate Allen on his goal that secured another vital win in the Premier League battle .
</Article>

<Claim>
jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . the england midfielder believes his side can catch manchester united . simon mignolet played the game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united . raheem sterling scored his first goal goal to make the return to manchester city .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the Premier League. The sentence that expresses this claim is:

"Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the Premier League."

2. The article states that Simon Mignolet played his 47th game of the season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United. The sentence that expresses this claim is:

"Simon Mignolet played his 47th game of the season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United."

3. The article states that Raheem Sterling scored his first goal to make the return to Manchester City. The sentence that expresses this claim is:

"Raheem Sterling pulled off some fine skill to open the scoring in the ninth minute at Anfield."

4. The article does not mention anything about Manchester United. Therefore, the claim that Manchester United have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United is not expressed in the article.

###Corrected:
