<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year, and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around and will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7. Chelsea youngster Jay Dasilva (right) has been included in John Peacock Under-17 squad . Goalkeepers: Paul Woolston (Newcastle United), Will Huffer (Leeds United) Defenders: Danny Collinge (Stuttgart), Reece Oxford (West Ham United), Easah Suliman (Aston Villa), James Yates (Everton), Jay DaSilva (Chelsea), Tayo Edun (Fulham) Midfielders: Trent Arnold (Liverpool), Daniel Wright (Sunderland), Herbie Kane (Liverpool), Tom Davies (Everton), Marcus Edwards (Tottenham Hotspur), Nathan Holland (Everton), Chris Willock (Arsenal) Forwards: Layton Ndukwu (Leicester City), Stephy Mavididi (Arsenal), Ike Ugbo (Chelsea) The squad contains talented young players from a host of Premier League clubs including Jay Dasilva and Ike Ugbo of Chelsea and the Arsenal duo Chris Willock and Stephy Mavididi, who is called up for the first time. Liverpool pair Herbie Kane and Trent Arnold have earned a recall after missing the Elite Round of qualifiers last month, in which England beat Romania, Norway and Slovenia to reach the finals. Their other matches are against Holland on May 10 and Ireland on May 13. Arsenal's Chris Willock has been called up to the squad for the first time ahead of next month's tournament .
</Article>

<Claim>
England Under-17s have qualified for the UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria Trent Arnold (Liverpool), Herbie Kane (Liverpool), Chris Willock (Arsenal), Stephy Mavididi (Arsenal), Ike Ugbo (Chelsea) England Under-17s are in Group D alongside Italy, Holland and the Republic of Ireland England U17s will open their campaign against Italy on May 7 England U17s are in Group D alongside Italy
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that England Under-17s have qualified for the UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.

Sentence: England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.

2. The article mentions that England Under-17s are in Group D alongside Italy, Holland, and the Republic of Ireland.

Sentences: They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy, and the Republic of Ireland this time around... England U17s will open their campaign against Italy on May 7.

###Corrected:
