<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
Porto's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night as a jubilant Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers. Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for Bayern, who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time. The Spanish tactician's underwear was on show after the incident, and he joked after the Champions League clash: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match.' Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola ripped a hole during the Champions League match in Germany . Guardiola's underwear were on show after the Bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers . The excitement of a 6-1 win against Porto appeared to get the better of Guardiola's left trouser leg . Away from Guardiola's clothing, Bayern managed to book a place in the Champions League semi-finals thanks to goals by Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Thomas Muller, Xabi Alonso and a brace from Robert Lewandowski. Porto went into the match with a two-goal lead following their 3-1 victory in Portugal, however they were swept aside by the Bundesliga giants. Bayern's European rivals will be running scared after their outstanding display as Guardiola's side showed they were a cut above a shell-shocked Porto side. Guardiola's trousers before the rip (left) and after the rip (right) during Bayern Munich's 6-1 victory over Porto . The former Barcelona boss (far right) also decided to ditch his suit blazer during the latter stages of the match . Bayern Munich celebrate at the final whistle after booking a place in the semi-finals of the Champions League .
</Article>

<Claim>
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola 's underwear was on show after the incident . guardiola led their side 5-0 at half-time .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday, which is expressed in the following sentence:

"Bayern Munich managed to book a place in the Champions League semi-finals thanks to goals by Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Thomas Muller, Xabi Alonso and a brace from Robert Lewandowski."

2. The article also states that Pep Guardiola's underwear was on show after the incident, which is expressed in the following sentence:

"Guardiola's underwear were on show after the Bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers."

3. The article mentions that Guardiola led his side 5-0 at half-time, which is expressed in the following sentence:

"Guardiola's side led their opponents 5-0 at half-time."

###Corrected:
