<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing. Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. 'I've gotten bullied because of it and I get people all the time, staring and so it's definitely made things difficult in my life,' Dayna told Daily Mail Online. Scroll down for video . Challenging: Dayna Dobias, 18, is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry . Her hope is that the video not only entertains, but inspires others to think before judging. The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities. 'People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' she added. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently.' This is one of several videos that Dayna has created. Last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off. Inspirational: The Illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . Don't judge: People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' Dayna says . 'People like to define me based on disability. People just look at me and think, oh that's just the girl with cerebral palsy,' she said. 'I would like people to look past that and be like, oh she's just one of us.' Dayna says she wanted to turn any negativity that might be held over her disability into something positive and hopefully inspire others, or at the very least raise a smile. 'When I was first diagnosed with cerebral palsy, doctors warned my parents that I may never walk, but here I am dancing! I drive, I go to college, I do things like every other 19-year-old,' she says. The teen has now begun to do some motivational speaking at a couple of local schools. Confident: Dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the Chicago area .
</Article>

<Claim>
a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , staring and so it 's definitely made things difficult in my life , ' dayna told daily mail online .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Dayna Dobias, a teenager from Illinois, is tackling her disability head-on by dancing and creating enthusiastic videos to inspire others.

Source:

"A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing."

2. The article mentions that Dayna was born with cerebral palsy and has faced bullying and staring due to her disability.

Source:

"Dayna told Daily Mail Online: 'I've gotten bullied because of it and I get people all the time, staring and so it's definitely made things difficult in my life.'"

3. The article quotes Dayna as saying that she hopes to inspire others with her videos and change the way people with disabilities are represented in the media.

Source:

"Her hope is that the video not only entertains, but inspires others to think before judging."

4. The article states that Dayna has started motivational speaking at local schools to further inspire others.

Source:

"The teen has now begun to do some motivational speaking at a couple of local schools."

###Corrected:
