<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
MLS side Orlando City are the latest club to have expressed interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the Florida-based franchise who are coached by former Everton and Manchester City striker Adrian Heath. Orlando have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal. Javier Hernandez is linked with a move to Orlando City after enduring a tough time on loan at Real Madrid . Orlando have a big Latin-American fanbase and Kaka is the captain of the MLS side . Hernandez would be a popular arrival with Orlando supporters but eight European sides are also interested . Hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at Real Madrid this season but still has plenty of interest from other Premier League and European sides. Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are all interested with United willing to sell for around £8million. Wolfsburg, AC Milan, Lazio and Inter Milan are also keen on the 26-year-old who has one year left on contract. United, meanwhile, have made a revised contract offer to teenage prospect Andreas Pereira. Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira (right) Periera (left) has a host of clubs across Europe interested in signing him if he does not agree terms at United . Paris St Germain, Juventus, PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord have all made contact with the midfielder's father Marcos after the 19-year-old rejected United's opening offer. Pereira was on the bench against Aston Villa on Saturday.
</Article>

<Claim>
Orlando City have made enquiries about a move for Javier Hernandez . The Mexico international has been on loan at Real Madrid this season . Orlando have a huge Latin-American fanbase and are coached by former Everton and Manchester City striker Adrian Heath . Hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at Real Madrid . Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are all interested . Wolfsburg, AC Milan, Lazio and Inter Milan are also keen on the 26-year-old . Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira . 
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Orlando City have made enquiries about a move for Javier Hernandez.
2. The claim that Orlando City have a huge Latin-American fanbase is mentioned in the article.
3. The article mentions that Hernandez has been on loan at Real Madrid this season.
4. The claim that Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are interested in Hernandez is mentioned in the article.
5. The article states that Wolfsburg, AC Milan, Lazio and Inter Milan are also keen on Hernandez.
6. The article mentions that Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.

###Corrected:
