<s>[INST] You are given an article and a claim.
Please read the <Claim> and find the sentence(s) in the <Article> that express the <Claim>.

<Article>
The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012, a jury has heard. Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way in Red Hill, Canberra on July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event, The ABC reported. Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012 . Professor Mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made 'almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from 'moment to moment'. He also said the trail of faeces from the crime scene  to the toilet were police found Costa suggested his confused mental state. 'I believe that at the time of the killing Mr Costa's brain was compromised by dementia and when you add to this alcohol that led to a confused state,' he said. 'I do not think you would understand what you were doing in that state or understand the dreadful long-term consequences.' Prosecutor Shane Drumgold suggested that Costa feigned his failing memory while being interviewed by Professor Mullin - who denied these claims. 'My view is that it was more likely than possible that Mr Costa was suffering a demented illness in the weeks, months and possibly years in the lead up to this event,' he said. Costa's state of mind is critical to case, as . The jury can return a not guilty verdict  if Costa's unstable mindset at time of the attack can be proven. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
</Article>

<Claim>
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra in july 2012 . forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event . professor mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which costa made ' almost certainly ' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from ' moment to moment ' .
</Claim>

Your reponse:[/INST]

1. The article states that Luigi Costa is accused of killing his elderly neighbor Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way in Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012.

Source:

"Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012."

2. The article reports that forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event.

Source:

"Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event."

3. The article states that Professor Mullen told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made "almost certainly" during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from "moment to moment".

Source:

"Professor Mullen told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made 'almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from'moment to moment'."

4. The article quotes Professor Mullen as saying that Costa's brain was compromised by dementia and alcohol at the time of the killing, and that Costa did not understand what he was doing in that state.

Source:

"I believe that at the time of the killing Mr Costa's brain was compromised by dementia and when you add to this alcohol that led to a confused state," he said. "I do not think you would understand what you were doing in that state or understand the dreadful long-term consequences."

###Corrected:
